Immediately before the Renaissance, you
had these huge UFO battles over various
European cities. Huge triangular craft,
spheres of various colors attacking each
other, some of them falling from out of
the sky. What a lot of people are
concerned about, including people in the
deep state of our own government,
>> is that
the bad guys won. In the struggle over
reshaping human history,
we wound up losing a rebellion against a
control system that abides to this day.
Who is actually in the driver's seat
when it comes to these sort of
scientific paradigm shifts? Who is
pumping these ideas through these
architects?
>> The religious control system on the
planet.
>> And so what is that? This this thing is
very similar to a thing that happened in
our biblical records where a Lord
presented Moses with a pattern to build
a tabernacle. He they came out of the
sky. They handed him stone tablets. And
this phenomena that's taking place today
is as old as our history. At the time
the black plague breaks out, there are
many UFO sightings. There are sightings
of objects that land in fields.
>> Mhm. It was so [music] prominent that
hysteria broke out about it in the
French court and Charlemagne was
considering declaring war on the tyrants
of the air.
>> Three men and a woman were seen
descending from these aerial ships. The
entire [music] city gathered about them,
saying that they were magicians sent by
Charlemagne's enemy to destroy the
French harvest. The plague broke out
only after these people would land in
the fields and they would go around with
these hoods on and these spray cans and
these guys would walk and deliver
doortodoor service spraying the doors of
individual homes where then the plague
would break out.
>> Well, who are these people
>> exactly?
Ingos is being tasked to remote view the
moon. And here's what he saw there. He
saw tall Nordic people conducting slave
labor on the moon. What does that say
about who these people are? Uh, number
one, it says that they're people. I went
into another room where there was a
chair.
A man came in while I was trying to find
a [music] way out there. And this was a
a humanlook person. They'd pass [music]
in a crowd, this individual and on
Earth.
Jason Resza Georgiani, thank you for
joining me.
>> I can't believe I made it into heaven
with Jesse Michaels. [laughter]
>> I know. What did you think you were you
weren't going to make it? Do you think
Where do you think Do you think you were
more of a purgatory guy or what was your
>> Well, I mean, yesterday was definitely
purgatory. I tell you, you know, I've
flown a lot and to have two airplanes
breakdown. Yeah.
>> And a 7-hour delay.
>> Yes.
>> Uh it was a little bit weird.
>> It's super weird. Well, that's the
perfect segue, weirdness in reality, uh,
for what I want to cover with you
because I think you're one of the few
people who studies UFO history and the
nuts and bolts side, but you also kind
of understand some of the deeper
underpinnings and architecture of what's
going on. I think the there's like the
kind of, you know, it's like the bell
curve or something. If you're like kind
of really dumb and normie, like you
don't think anything's going. It's like
all AAM's razor, like you know, kind of,
you know, there nothing to see here.
Then you get into the like middle of the
curve, it's like only nuts and bolts.
It's like, you know, all just saucers in
a hanger. And then once you get deep
enough or something, you know, on the on
the right side of the bell curve, it's
it's consciousness is somehow extremely
fundamental to all of this. and you get
into weird stuff around secret societies
and psychic warfare and it gets weird
and so it feels like you you are really
deep into all of that stuff.
>> Yeah. You know, one thing I would take
exception to in terms of the bell curve
uh analogy there is that I basically
agree with what you're saying except I
think that there's a place on the other
side of the bell curve from where the
normies are who deny that anything much
is going on at all. Um and then people
who let's say
have read Carl Young on UFOs and
appreciate uh the extent to which this
phenomenon involves the co-constitution
of physical reality by consciousness and
so on and so forth. There's a place on
the other side of that bell curve where
someone can as it were fall off the deep
end and I think it's also a
psychological defense mechanism. M
>> you can wind up uh developing such an
abstract meta interpretation of these
phenomena that you're actually oluding
or occultting some more tangible aspects
of it that are deeply disturbing. And so
that acts also I think both as a
psychological defense mechanism for the
particular researcher who may want to
interpret this all as like the contean
thing in itself which we will never know
and it's like uh yes you know it's
intrusions into our reality and our
limited frame of interpretation right
based on human consciousness the denial
of our capacity to ultimately discern
what's going on with this phenomenon
done can also be a way to defer
responsibility for dealing with some
very tangible things that are going on
that are deeply disturbing and that have
very serious sociological and political
implications.
>> I couldn't agree more. I think some some
people who are so far off the deep end
in the consciousness realm are there
because it's unfalsifiable
because it's like impossible to study
and because it really doesn't even touch
our consensus reality. So you don't need
to justify it. it turns into its own
sort of uh uh cult. But you said
something very interesting there. You
said uh there's some deeply disturbing
things going on in just the kind of more
prosaic nuts and bolts, you know,
version of the UFO story. What do you
mean by that?
>> Let me come to that in a moment. But
before we, you know, scare the be Jesus
hat of the the listeners right off the
bat, let me give a little bit more
historical context for what I was
saying.
>> Yes.
So without naming names, Kant has become
I think very important to some people
who have taken a very abstract approach
to interpreting what's going on with the
UAP phenomenon. And if you look at
Kant's own Emanuel Kant's own life,
here's a guy and by the way I wrote
about this in um my first book
Prometheus and Atlas. There's a whole
chapter where I discuss uh Daycart and
Kant and basically the constitution of
the world picture of the age of
enlightenment right and the thing about
Kant is that in his youth he actually
took the time and care to read the
entirety of Emanuel Swedenborg's
aranastia the secrets of heaven
which has all kinds of accounts of
extraterrestrials living on various
planets and different gradations of
existence right and planes of being and
so on and so forth. And there's also
more significantly a ton about
sigh abilities in in that book,
>> you know, about uh clairvoyance and
telekinesis and so on so forth.
>> Well, Kant reads all this and then he
writes the groundwork of the metaphysics
of morals
in a way that develops an abstraction
based on Swedenborg. He's using
Swedenborg,
but then he's warping the metaphysical
structure of Swedenborg's work
in order to construct an unknowable
reality beyond the veil of appearances
that's conditioned by the limits of our
own consciousness.
And if you read his earliest writings,
which he suppressed in his own lifetime,
Kant admits that the reason that he did
this is that the stuff in Swedenborg is
so disturbing that it would destabilize
society, including on a political level.
So what Kant wants to do is create this
metaphysical model that allows him to
define what he calls a kingdom of ends
where each human being is an end in
himself, a moral agent equal to every
other person. And then based on this he
can frame this categorical imperative
that you should never use any other
person as a means and every person
should be treated as an end in himself.
Right? It's like the, you know, the, you
know, Archimedian point, uh, of his
whole moral system. Well, he does this
by misappropriating and distorting
Swedenborg and covering over both the
um, psychic and and telekinetic uh,
accounts in Swedenborg's writings and
also the accounts of, you know, various
forms of extraterrestrial intelligence.
And I see the same move being made today
in certain sectors of the UAP
conversation.
>> Well, that it's fascinating. I mean,
that's a great book, Atlas, Prometheus
and Atlas. Everybody should buy it. It's
this sort of sweeping philosophical
treatise where you go through uh the
advent of empiricism and and reason and
uh you know the enlightenment and
figures like uh Kant and Andart and in
Kant's case I think you also say that
like uh the occult the reason to keep
the occult the occult or sort of
separate somehow or or you know off
limits is because uh it would involve a
storming of of heaven or something And
um did he have a political motive in
doing this? Because with Decart, I think
you say that he was a Jesuit spy. And
maybe
>> Deart was literally a Jesuit spy. In
other words, Decart was in the employ of
people who were holier than the pope. In
other you know that phrase holier than
the pope. These were agents of the
Vatican
that were acting against the uh sort of
like
status quo modus operandi of the
Catholic Church in France. They were
like uh more zealous than the pope and
they were Jesuits. And they had sent
Renee Decart to infiltrate the
Rosacruian order
>> and to develop a false scientific
paradigm that would reduce everything in
the physical world
to uh basically mechanical causality.
which then has the effect of relegating
everything that can't be encompassed
within a mechanistic grid and framework
of interpretation into the realm of the
spiritual
>> which is in the domain of the Catholic
Church. Right? So then the church gets
to continue to have a monopoly on uh
discourse about anything spiritual and
the common citizen is presented with a
scientific paradigm that's soul
crushingly nihilistic so that he will
then remain within the arms of the
church
>> and you think that was daycart's mission
>> absolutely yeah he was a hired Jesuit
agent I mean the guy was literally a
stormtrooper
who functioned as a military
intelligence atache to Catholic armies
that were going through Protestant
villages and burning them to the ground
and you know basically engaging in a uh
inquisitory religious war against the
Protestants of France.
>> And this is the guy who we trace our
modern scientific paradigm to. Now, Kant
wasn't, you know, a paid agent of
anybody as far as I can tell, but he
definitely had political motivations,
right? And the thing is, Kant's
political motivations are not something,
you know, antiquarian and, you know,
only relevant to his own epoch. We still
face the same concerns that he did as a
serious thinker grappling with evidence
for the paranormal. So, for example, as
I point out very early on, and you know,
I I've uh come back to this over and
over again in the 14 books that I've
written, but it's right there in
Prometheus and Atlas from the beginning.
If you consider what it would mean for
telepathy, clairvoyance,
telekinesis or what we call
psychokinesis these days to achieve
mainstream scientific recognition and
for large numbers of people to then
adopt training protocols for these
latent human abilities, right? The way
that we have now a lot of the remote
viewers offering remote viewing
training. Imagine what kinds of social
challenges that faces us with, right? I
mean, if people become adept telepaths
or adept clairvoyants,
there's no such thing as privacy left.
There's no physical privacy left. Anyone
can see you doing whatever you're doing
inside the privacy of your own home.
Anyone can even step into your mind. And
like the remote viewers for example who
were tasked to psychically spy on Saddam
Hussein during the first Gulf War, Lin
Buchanan and others, they actually went
into Saddam's mind to the extent that
for example, you know, they they would
get ill when he was ill and so forth.
And um yes,
>> so this is like a horrendous violation
of personal privacy.
And then when you go to psychokinesis,
it's it's even worse, right? So there's
this direct mental influence on living
systems that's been studied in a very
serious way by parasychologists
and uh often what they'll do is they'll
visualize certain um organic systems in
the body with a view to trying to heal
diseases using psychokinesis.
But obviously I mean as the Soviets
figured out in the 1970s when they were
taking mice down in submarines and
trying to stop their hearts, you can use
the same thing to kill somebody. I mean,
you can use it to give somebody a heart
attack or a stroke. And there's
evidence, you know, based on the
testimony of some of our top remote
viewers
that there was a black unit in the
United States that was doing these
things in the 1970s and 80s. It was
separate from the remote viewing
programs that were eventually defunded
by Congress.
>> Whoa. As you know, I'm always on the
hunt for things that help me stay sharp,
focused, and full of energy while I'm
diving into life's mysteries and making
this show happen. And I've got to say,
Mudwater has completely transformed my
mornings. Back in the day, I used to
struggle with that post coffee crash.
And let's not even get into the caffeine
jitters. Mud water gave me the smooth,
steady energy I was missing. It's packed
with functional mushrooms like lion's
mane, chaga, and rayi. Plus, turmeric
and cacao all working together to keep
me focused, calm, and grounded.
Honestly, it's like coffee went on a
yoga retreat and came back zen. What I
love most is that it's not just about
replacing coffee. It's a whole new
ritual. It's a simple, nourishing way to
start the day. And I actually look
forward to it every morning. Every
ingredient is USDA certified organic,
vegan, non-GMO, and there's zero sugar.
It's energy that doesn't mess with your
sleep or make you question your life
choices at 3:00 a.m. Ready to make the
switch to cleaner energy? Head to
mudwater.com.
That's mudwt.com
and grab your starter kit today. Right
now, our listeners get an exclusive deal
up to 43% off your entire order, plus
free shipping and a free rechargeable
frother when you use code Jesse. That's
right, up to 43% off with code Jesse at
mudwtr.com.
After your purchase, they'll ask you how
you found them. Please show your support
and let them know we sent you. keep your
energy natural and refreshing all year
long with mud water because life's too
short for anything less than clean,
delicious energy. So, there were people
who uh had
basically individuals from within those
programs come to them and try to recruit
them into programs where they weren't
just remote viewing, they were using
psychokinesis against targets of the US
intelligence community. And some people
refused to get involved in that program.
I think other people were successfully
recruited into it like Pat Price. And I
think the reason Pat Price wound up dead
is that he was recruited into that
program and tasked with certain
operations and he wound up having
serious moral reservations to that.
>> Yeah. It's interesting too because so
Stargate was this, you know, a program
originally out of Stanford Research
Institute that you're talking about
which, you know, was the American
Psychic Spy program. It turned into, you
know, had a few other names and few
other agencies oversaw it before it was
sunsetted in 1995.
Um, but I think a lot of people don't
know that actually a lot of original
people who were on that program came
from Sydney Gotaut's technical staff
services. And so that guy, I mean,
Sydney Gotib's, you know, quote unquote
poisoner and chief is sort of, you know,
the the American Joseph Mangala, if you
will. uh he was doing everything to
confer a tactical advantage uh on behalf
of the US on pretty much all vectors of
spooky science and would kind of you
know lie, cheat and steal in order to do
that. And I think he ended up dying uh
uh with his wife at a leper colony
presumably maybe to uh you know make
amends for his horrible deeds during his
life or something. [laughter]
But um you know that connection I think
is not super well known that maybe it
wasn't just this you know may may maybe
there were deeper black elements to to
this um you know program
>> for sure. And so what Kant means when he
uses the phrase storming heaven
>> is precisely this that
we could wind up in a situation where
due to mainstream scientific recognition
of these latent human abilities which by
the way we share with animals. There's
extensive evidence of that that animals
have much stronger side than most people
do and that probably uh you know on an
evolutionary scale there's an inverse
relationship between the hypertrophy of
technical intellect and the atrophy of
these intuitive instinctual abilities.
So, you know, these latent human
abilities that we share with animals
could be uh retrieved and and trained
and cultivated in a very deliberate way.
And you know, if these phenomena get
mainstream scientific recognition, it's
likely to be the case that many people
will go adopt those training protocols
the way that people train in martial
arts today. The the the way they would
have to be trained up now. So okay this
is a really wild conversation because
assuming sigh is real. So this idea that
there the mind matter thing is not this
you know total divide there's a
connection between mental phenomena and
the physical world uh that changes
everything you know all of a sudden the
pyramid where the bottom is physics then
you go chemistry biology you know
psychology or whatever uh and then
consciousness that gets flipped and
consciousness goes at the bottom and
it's fundamental to to sort of
everything else and so you'd have to
assume if that is the case there are
people walking among us that know that
probably even outside of the context of
these kind of academic institutions
studying this stuff and they're probably
covert training programs going on right
now where maybe people involved in the
in the training only have need to know
or something they're being trained and
they don't even know they're being
trained for sure and you know you can
control a small cadre of such people and
if they get out of hand there are ways
of dealing with that but if it becomes a
large-scale social phenomenon where
people are going and training their
clairvoyance, their telepathic ability,
their telekinetic ability, the way that
people train martial arts these days. We
are going to wind up in a situation like
the Salem witch hunts where you're going
to have I mean, how does a legal system
even begin to deal with lawsuits uh that
so and so hexed me and so and so burned
my house down using telekinesis? I mean,
it will be a nightmare.
>> It's an institutional apocalypse.
>> Absolutely. Absolutely. And so this is
also one dimension of what we might call
catastrophic disclosure because based on
you know any serious empirical study of
the UFO phenomenon
it's obvious that uh the entities who
are engaging people from out of these
craft are all adept telepaths and they
have already cultivated the psychic
abilities that are latent in us and that
we could also train. And so a disclosure
of what's on the other side of the UFO
phenomenon is also de facto a mainstream
scientific recognition of sigh. I mean,
you're already starting to see this with
people like Jake Barber coming from out
of Lockheed that, you know, they're
using uh basically telepathy and
clairvoyance to summon these craft,
right? Um so, and then you know there's
a lot of suggestion that the guidance
system of these crafts involve a
psychoinetic interaction between the
pilots and the airframe and the
propulsion system. So that you have some
of these wild stories about, you know,
how very young people are being
basically
uh, you know, selected and and uh, you
know, gathered together from various
parts of the world and brought to these
black facilities so that they can more
effectively pilot these craft, right?
>> Yeah. We also know that uh that there
are operations okonis outside the
continental United States where
prospecting for psionic assets takes
place and they're highly coveted. And
the interesting thing is is I hear in
those programs that um there's something
valuable about the life experience in
third world countries. uh in that it
seems as though people that live a
simpler life and are outdoors more and
have less contaminants in their food and
their drugs and in their culture seem to
be a little bit better at disassociating
and heightening their intuition. Um and
they come willingly because of the
economic imbalance between where they
come from. So, so point being, you're
not going to have UFO disclosure without
also having what I call the spectral
revolution or a scientific revolution
that recognizes
the reality of sigh abilities. And I can
unpack what I mean by that spectral
revolution. Uh, if you'd like to go
there and why I think it's not just
another revolution in the history of
science like the Capernac revolution or
the Darwinian revolution.
>> Yeah, I'd love to get into it. I mean I
my personal belief is that uh it can't
be just another scientific revolution
because science science requires a
priorized skepticism all you know
Francis Bacon and so uh you can't go
into an experiment saying you know I
expect the null hypothesis if you want a
result in the sigh framework right so
like if James Randy or you know the
modern day Michael Shurmer like some of
these scientific skeptics show up to one
of these sort of you know psychic
experiments and they have kind of a you
It has an inhibitory effect.
>> It does literally will have a
restraining effect on the actual results
that you might get. And so you get into
this sort of air pockets of consensus
reality thing where you have believers
and non-believers and
>> they just don't sort of touch and and
you can't really use the scientific
method because Yeah.
>> Yeah. By the way, that negative side
effect can also be empirically assessed
though because you know people can be
given like Xener card tests and so on so
forth and if they're extreme skeptics,
they'll do worse than they could by
chance.
>> So you see like the the psychological
resistance manifesting itself. It's sort
of a negative form of sigh, right? In
any case, that's a very good point. So
that's one of the ways in which you know
the conception of science that goes back
to say Francis Bis or Francis Bacon and
the Royal Society would have to be
fundamentally changed. But you know
there's another huge one and that's
what Thomas [__] began to comment on
when he wrote uh the structure of
scientific revolutions in the early 60s
and that's the paradigmatic nature of
science. So what [__] pointed out is
that scientific theories are nested
within larger frameworks of
interpretation
and these frameworks of interpretation
uh establish as axiomatic and
unquestioned. They assume certain hinge
propositions. It's a term that comes
from Ludvik Vikingstein originally.
Hinge propositions meaning every other
statement that's made hinges on certain
unquestioned propositions. And every
scientific paradigm has that super
structure and scientists
as contrasted with philosophers
scientists never question those
framework assumptions.
So
[__] noted that the basic assumptions of
any uh scientific theory which formed
the paradigm that's the context for that
theory
um they have certain basic definitions
of let's say mass and gravity and so on
so forth and these are different
definitions depending on the paradigm
that you're working in. So uh mass and
um uh inertia don't mean the same thing
in Newtonian physics as they do in
Einsteinian physics. And this simplistic
you know um elementary educational
textbook notion that uh somehow
Newtonian physics is understandable as a
subset of like Einsteinian physics is
not the case. They're not mutually
translatable in that way. And what's
more interesting about Coon's argument
in the structure of scientific
revolutions is that he says that when if
you carefully observe the conditions of
a paradigm shift let's say from the
capernac paradigm to let's say more
sophisticated Newtonian physics to then
Einsteinian relativity the shifts always
involve
political conflict
and it's not the case that the
promulgators of a previous paradigm are
rational ally convinced to adopt the new
one. It's that they basically get old
and die out and there's a coup that
takes place inside the scientific
establishment. So he noted that
scientific revolutions are also
political revolutions in a sense.
And here's the thing about a scientific
revolution based on the recognition of
Sai is that because the framing of
paradigms is a psychological phenomenon.
people who think that recognition of ESP
and PK
requires simply a new paradigm with
metaphysical concepts that are uh more
rigorously expressed in certain
scientific equations and formulas are
missing the forest for the trees.
The revolution that recognizes Sai is a
revolution that gives us insight into
the psychological mechanisms that frame
paradigms in the first place.
So understanding that consciousness
really actually sentience on a
subconscious level
is forming physical phenomena as they
emerge from out of uh the quantum
domain. Understanding that intrinsic
co-constitution of physical reality by
consciousness is also to have insight
into the psychological mechanism that
frames paradigms to begin with. So then
you can start to recognize as Martin
Haidiger did that scientific theories
are toolkits.
They are not there to polish a mirror
that provides us with an objective
representation of some reality that's
out there as if our mind is a mirror,
right? And it's representing an
objectively existent reality. No.
Scientific paradigms and the theories
that any given paradigm makes possible
are models. It's a technological
enterprise. So
the epistemic discoveries in science are
derivative of they're an outgrowth of an
essentially technological enterprise. In
other words, a model building uh
endeavor that involves tools that allow
us to achieve different ends. Okay. So
if you think for examp
uh we took a wrong turn with Einstein
and maybe you know the dynamic ether
model that Nicola Tesla was proposing
and that perhaps Townson Brown was
working uh with was the more accurate
model of the cosmos and somehow Einstein
went wrong. No, no, no.
What what we're in need of is a much
more radical insight than that, which is
that if you let's say want to travel at
near the speed of light in a spacecraft,
the right model for that is Einstein.
If you want to create a quantum
signaling system for like instantaneous
communication across vast interstellar
distances, the right model for that is
quantum mechanics. That doesn't mean
that you're ever going to have a meta
theory that reconciles quantum theory
and uh relativity. If you want to
develop a electrogravidic craft
uh you know with a certain kind of um
let's say uh ability to tap zero point
energy as the basis for propulsion,
you're going to need to work with a
dynamic ether paradigm that Tesla was
starting to develop. These are different
toolkits. They're different models for
achieving different ends. And we have to
give up this idea that uh science is
about develop developing an objective
representation of the world as such as
if that reality capital R is separate
from our own consciousness. So this
brings up a question if uh actually uh
tool making for specific ends in
politics is driving science which is
supposed to be immune from politics much
more than we realize then who is
actually in the driver's seat when it
comes to these sort of scientific
paradigm shifts is there somebody behind
Decart Kant you know any of these sort
of mythmaking or worldmaking figures
Newton where like the last 400 years is
kind of we we look at reality based on
you know sort of vector calculus because
of Newton libnets you know
>> yes
>> so who is pumping these ideas through
these architects
>> the religious control system on the
planet
>> and so what is that you know how we're
always diving into the edge of science
and consciousness on this show lately
I've been thinking a lot about aging not
just in terms of years but in how it
actually feels in the body slower
recovery lower energy that middle-aged
fog that sneaks up on you. I feel like I
can barely go out and drink alcohol
anymore. That's why I started using
something called qualiaenolytic. And
it's been a major shift for me. Let me
explain. As we age, our bodies
accumulate what scientists call
scesscent cells, also known as zombie
cells. These are worn out cells that
stop dividing but don't die. They hang
around in your body, draining your
energy, clogging up your recovery, and
generally making you feel older than you
are. Qualioenolytic is a firstofits-kind
supplement formulated with nine
plant-based compounds designed to help
your body naturally eliminate these
zombie cells. It's not something you
take every day. Just 2 days a month, but
it supports your body in aging better at
the cellular level. Since I've started
taking it, I felt sharper, lighter, and
like my body's resilience has come back
online. It's vegan, non-GMO, and
grounded in serious research. Experience
the science of feeling younger. Go to
qualityife.com/jessie
for up to 50% off your purchase and use
code jessie. Again, that's jes s for an
additional 15% off. That's qu i a l i
f.com/jessej
s for an extra 15% off your purchase.
Thanks so much to Qualia for sponsoring
this episode. So now this is to come
back around to your first question which
I said you know let's not scare the be
Jesus out of the listeners right off the
bat right
>> the thing is if you spend you know any
serious time looking into the UFO
phenomenon and and by the way it's
something I've studied for
25 years or something like that. I
touched on it toward the end of
Prometheus and Atlas which was published
in 2016. It was my dissertation in 2012
and then was adapted into a book 2016.
And then I wrote Closer Encounters, my
study of the UFO phenomenon. Closer
encounters was published in 2021.
But it's the outcome of like 20 years of
preceding research.
So anyone who goes into the UFO
phenomenon, you know, with with even,
you know, half of that depth and and
and, you know, endurance of research
inevitably realizes that
whether you, you know, you want to work
through what Jacques Valet's uncovered
or whether, you know, you want to, you
know, at least look at Zachariah
Sitchin's research, the UFO phenomenon
extends through all of recorded human
history and most likely into prehistory.
And it's absolutely inseparable from
both revealed religious systems like
Judeo-Christianity and Islam and also
more archaic uh how could we put it
let's I say archaic polytheistic
ritualistic religions like the religion
of ancient Egypt or you know uh the Vic
religion so on so forth it's very clear
that you know in the Mahabarata and the
Ramayana the davas and Ashuras or what
in the Greek language we might call the
gods and the titans are exactly the same
beings as you know the uh Elohim the
Elohim in the Bible or the rebel uh
angels the Nephilim in the biblical
context they're the same beings as the
Anunnaki in Sumerian scriptures where
again you have two factions this this
idea that there are two factions runs
through every human religious belief
system on the planet throughout the
course of You say Prometheus is an
archetype of this rebel angel.
>> Absolutely. So, you know, you could
there's a through line from Enki in the
Sumerian myths to Prometheus in the
Greek context to Quzel Kuatal in the
Mayan context to uh let's say a leader
of the Asheras in a Hindu context. Sort
of demiggod figure that transgresses uh
on behalf of man against the gods.
>> Exactly. brings forth some sort of
sacred technology to them.
>> Exactly. And in a Judeo-Christian
context, of course, this is Lucifer.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay. So, you know, you have the story
in the Bible about how the serpent uh
offered knowledge to humanity in Eden.
And the reason the humans were kicked
out of the garden uh where by the way
they were workers because you know the
nakedness in antiquity was a sign of
slave labor and [snorts] we were killers
of the field in Eden for the gods except
we didn't know it. We didn't know we
were naked meaning we didn't know we
were slaves. And this God uh is
threatened by our being given the
discernment to recognize good versus
evil because that would mean we would
we'd realize that our overlord is a
bastard who wants to deny us knowledge.
And what uh Adoniah Elohim, the chief of
the gods, says when he casts man out of
Eden or right before he does is let us,
you know, uh basically
exile them from the garden before they
also eat of the tree of life and become
like unto us so that nothing becomes
impossible to them. Right? So this is a
god who's jealous and afraid of humans
achieving parody with the gods with the
Elohim. And there's this rebel who's
symbolized by the serpent. Now remember,
uh the serpent is punished by having his
legs removed. And then in the book of
Revelation,
Satan is referred to as that the dragon,
the great dragon, that serpent of old.
In other words,
Lucifer is explicitly identified with
the serpent in Eden. Now, there's all
kinds of people want to argue against
this
because they want to save uh the
Christian narrative in anostic sense.
And there are people who try to identify
Jesus himself with Lucifer and so on and
so forth. I used to teach comparative
religion for a few years. And so there
are all these nuances, but I think the
evidence is there to make the case that
the dragon from the book of revelation
is the serpent in Eden. And that's
exactly the same figure as Quzel Quat
who's also ser you know represented as a
feathered serpent as a dragon
essentially.
And that's the faction of Enki. Uh and
you see the symbol in Egypt too of you
know the serpents with wings coming out
the sides of them with the sun at the
center the symbol of the shamasu whor
the followers of Horus. So you have this
through every human culture and the
narrative is essentially this that
we were created as workers or slaves or
servants
of some kind of celestial overlord and
we were put into a cast system, a
hierarchy. You know the word hierarchy
literally means holy order. Hyros ary a
hierarchical pyramidal society of the
kind you saw in ancient Egypt of the
kind that you see in the varna system
the cast system of India of the Hindu
religion to this day. And at some point
there was a rebellion against this
structure. I would say the most
compelling version of the narrative of
that rebellion is the one you find in
Plato.
Plato's story about Atlantis.
But people get hung up on the name
Atlantis. If there was such a
civilization, probably you know its
denisens didn't refer to it as Atlantis.
Plato uses that term because it
signifies something very powerful.
Atlantis means the realm of Atlas.
>> And as I point out in my book,
Prometheus and Atlas. Atlas is a very
powerful metaphor. The idea of Atlas of
someone who has mapped the entire world
and bears the earth on his shoulders,
right? And actually the the globe that
Atlas is bearing on his sho should
shoulders is not a terrestrial map. It's
a star globe which is what mariners use
to navigate the world. Right? And so
it's this idea of uh basically
developing a knowledge of the heavens
and a mastery over the whole earth and
modeling the earth so that we wind up
with let's say medical atlases.
>> Atlas is a term for a model right? So
this is integral to the model building
enterprise of technological science.
>> So the idea of Atlantis archetypally is
the idea of a
demigod society which as Plato says
wanted to empower humans and was
hybridizing itself with the lot of
humanity right and and thereby lifting
up humanity not just psychically and
intellectually but also genetically
lifting up humanity.
Uh it's the idea of using technological
science to
um unlock the secrets of the heavens and
achieve parody with the gods so that you
no longer need to be a surviile
worshipper of some kind of overlord. And
this is what Plato tells us was the
great sin of the Atlanteanss is that
they stop sacrificing to the gods and
worshiping them. So that Zeus basically
calls the convocation of the Olympians
and decides to wipe the world clean in
what we more commonly know as Noah's
flood. Right? And so the biblical story
of Noah is exactly the same thing,
especially when you look at, you know,
in Genesis 6, right? There's a whole
part of that story that's clearly been
excised. So in Genesis 6, all of a
sudden, we're told like, uh, in rapid
succession, oh well, you know, there was
great iniquity on the earth and God
decided to wipe the entire earth clean
and the flood. Wait a minute here. And
the sons of the Elohim came down. They
found the daughters of man fair and
they, you know, interbred with them and
so on and so forth and the earth was
full of iniquity.
Seriously, in two paragraphs, you're
going to tell us that God regretted the
entire creation and wiped the whole
world world clean, right? There's a
backstory here. And you find the
backstory preserved in the book of
Enoch, which was first discovered in
Ethiopia. And he clearly was at one
point part of the Tanakh and was
excised, you know, due to whatever, you
know, kind of uh, you know, theological
power game that whoever was playing.
>> Confident that it was part of the
original.
>> For sure. Because the story makes no
sense without it.
>> And what you see in the book of Enoch is
a direct hbreak parallel to what you see
in Plato's account of Atlantis. And
then, you know, other cultures have
their own versions of that. The Mayans
do, too. in Enoch it's the Watchers or
whatever. And so, okay, how does all of
this connect to the UFO story? Because
you hear, I don't know, like for
example, Diana Pulka came on my podcast
and she said, you know, Jacques Valet is
very interested in the devil and demons
and fallen angels.
>> I'm having lunch with Jacques Valet. So,
we're in his study and it's really
amazingly beautiful here in the Bay
Area. Um and he starts to um explain a
couple of things to me and I notice a
bunch of books on shelves and I notice
those things, right?
>> Yeah.
>> So I go and I start to look to see what
he has on this one shelf and then he
takes one of the books off and it was uh
a book about angels and he says, "Of
course you can't have one without the
other." Right? Because he picked up
another book and he said, "You need to
read this book." And whenever he says
that to me, of course I'm going to get
the book and read it. But this one was
weird. So he showed it to me and it was
the history of Satan. It was it just had
these big words on it that says Satan.
And again, if I wasn't a little bit
concerned before, I was absolutely
concerned at that point. I was like,
>> you know, Jacquel is handing me this
book that says Satan on it. And so he he
uh he said, "Look at the pageionation."
So I, you know, looked at the
pageionation. It was 666.
>> Whoa.
>> Yeah. I thought that was so, you know,
of course.
>> Wow. [laughter]
>> It was a really weird moment. And he
said that in the states we think of the
we think of Satan or the devil as really
really terrible, right? But you know he
said that the French they have a
different view of it and it's a much
it's less sensationalist. That's what he
was saying.
>> So what does all of this have to do with
the modern kind of UFO topic?
>> You know I knew Jacqu Valet
>> uh for a while and um
>> I spoke to him this morning actually.
Yeah. So after I think it was six six,
seven within 9 months of the time
Prometheus and Atlas came out.
>> Mhm.
>> He had invited me to his home and we had
a nice dinner and and a fairly intimate
conversation and I brought this question
up with him and because we were
discussing basically and we'll come
around to this time travel.
>> Mhm. And whether, [sighs] you know, he
believed that
these were basically humans that were uh
reaching back into our epoch from the
future and that essentially, you know,
there was a breakaway civilization
that um had developed a hyperdimensional
relationship to the various spaceimes of
the epochs of human history. that a a
breakaway civilization with time travel
essentially was able to have a
fifthdimensional relationship with the
various 4D spaceimes of different human
historical epochs, right? And I
basically said to him, well,
>> some sort of multiverse management
system. Yes. And I think branch
management system
>> and I think that's definitely part of
what's going on, right? So, how I start
my book, Closer Encounters, is I lay out
all the different hypotheses. of course,
the ETH, the extraterrestrial
hypothesis, and then, you know, time
travel, interdimensional hypothesis, uh
the psychic projections hypothesis,
um cryptoaterrestrial, meaning survivors
of Atlantis, which we're touching on
here. Uh and um ultimately also avatars
of a similacrim. Are we living in a
simulacum? Are these in some sense
avatars uh from the programming level of
the similacrim? is something that valet
as a computer scientist also has
intimated in various writings of his.
So, but the point is this that you know
we were discussing this you know
hyperdimensional
extra temporal uh relationship that
these entities have to humans in various
historical epochs and I said well if
this is what you think why don't you why
aren't you more direct about expressing
that and he said because it involves um
deeply entrenched religious
sensibilities of various societies and
there's a sociological dimension to this
that could be catastrophic in terms of
religious belief system.
>> Well, you're skipping over one part
which is what does he think? What is the
relationship between, you know, the
devil, demonic and and UFOs and and all
this stuff. Uh, I didn't pin him down on
that, so I don't want to speak for him.
But I suspect
>> that what a lot of people are concerned
about, including people in the deep
state of our own government,
>> first and foremost,
>> uh, is that
the the bad guys won in the struggle
over reshaping human history.
We wound up losing a rebellion against
the control system that abides to this
day
>> and the meta narratives that have
dominated the rise and fall of various
societies throughout the course of
history including for example the
destruction of the secular humanistic
culture of the late Roman Empire you
know the library of Alexandria libraries
at Corenth the entire
you know that um I'm getting this figure
from Carl Sean We lost 98% of the
knowledge of classical antiquity. They
they have actually done studies based on
like the references that we do have to
other texts by various authors in the
classical manuscripts that have survived
and they've been able to do a
reconstruction that shows that we lost
at least 98% of the knowledge of
classical antiquity. Well, who does that
benefit? Let's talk about a guilt-free
alternative to alcohol that's perfect
for your dry January or anytime you want
to unwind. Cornbread's organic CBD
gummies. These gummies are an absolute
lifesaver for my evening routine.
They're a natural way to relax,
celebrate, or wind down without the
hangover. I've cut back a lot on my
alcohol consumption over the last few
years. For a lot of you, trying out Dry
January or cutting back generally, it's
not always easy, but swapping that glass
of wine for cornbread CBD gummies is a
total gamecher. It's a simple upgrade to
your evening routine that leaves you
feeling great the next day without
sacrificing the fun. Plus, with all
natural ingredients, they're the perfect
way to stay balanced. Cornbread hemp
isn't just a product. It's a small way
to bring balance into your life. Whether
you're journaling, meditating, or simply
enjoying some downtime. These gummies
elevate the experience without any of
the guilt. It's like having a moment of
calm in your pocket, ready whenever you
need it. Alcohol doesn't have to be the
default anymore. Whether you're cutting
back for dry January or just looking for
a healthier way to relax, you've got to
try Cornbread CBD gummies. Right now,
American Alchemy listeners can save 30%
on their first order. Just head to
cornbread.com/jesse
and use code jesse at checkout. Again,
that's cornbread.com/jesse
code jesse. Cornbread hemp. This is the
good life. Who benefits through all
these resets of human societies? Another
horrendous one.
>> Yeah, that's really interesting. Islamic
conquest of Iran.
>> Mhm.
>> At least as bad as the Judeo-Christian
takeover of the Roman Empire.
>> Yeah.
>> So,
>> and you have all this kind of forbidden
archaeology where you see like
precocious advancements in past
civilizations that shouldn't really
exist. Whether it's like a Sumerian
model of the heliocentric universe or
the antic theorem mechanism which is
this you know kind of um ancient uh you
know kind of almost like a
astronomically aligned computer system
um that that is found on this you know
shipwreck in the Aian Sea. You have you
have a bunch of examples of this.
>> Yes. So on the one hand you have what
look like gifts
>> gifts from Prometheus
>> to speak archetypally.
>> Mhm. And on the other hand, you have
attempts to decimate human knowledge and
engineer regression and retardation to
basically, you know, uh, reverse human
progress. And one of the most
interesting,
>> who would that benefit the sort of this
sort of, you know,
>> well, whoever's running the control
system,
>> Malthusian, you know, in famine sort of
cyclical, you know, cataclysm thing that
that would benefit who's whoever's
running the control. Exactly. Do you
have a model of who that is or?
>> Yeah, I do.
>> Who is it?
>> I do. So, okay. The devil's in the
details. Or or maybe we should invert
the the religious symbolism there,
right? Um but let me just uh point to to
one interesting example of this, you
know, right before the Renaissance took
place. I mean Renaissance is obviously
an example of a
well a a rebirth of the will to know and
human cultivation
both artistically and scientifically
right I mean Prometheus
uh didn't just bring science to humanity
Prometheus brought techn both in the
sense of the arts and the sciences and
so the renaissance is a quintessentially
Prometheian phenomena
It's interesting that immediately before
the Renaissance,
>> you had these huge UFO battles over
various European cities and they're
reflected in the broad sheets of the
time, the newspapers of the time
>> in Basil, Switzerland, in Nuremberg and
Germany. They show these huge battles
between objects in the sky. Really?
>> And yeah, and some of them I mean you
can, you know, the P valet reprinted
them in wonders in the sky. There are a
number of texts on the UFO phenomenon.
These are newspapers that show huge
triangular craft, spheres of various
colors attacking each other. Some of
them falling from out of the sky in
battles that took place in several
places uh over central Europe.
>> This is like 15th century or
>> just before the Renaissance, 1400s.
>> 1400.
>> Yeah. So just before the So to me that
looks like the rebel faction
>> gaining ground and opening up a space
for humanity to progress again for a
while right
>> now. There was also uh
>> interesting so you think that like these
celestial battles take place right
before there's some airdropping of human
technology or something?
Look, I don't want to reduce human
agency, you know, um, by by calling it
an airdropping, but I wouldn't be
surprised if there was a little help,
right? But at the very least,
>> Valle would say donations.
>> Yeah. And at the very least, there was a
a safeguarding of a space for human
development and, you know, the rebirth
of ingenuity and so forth. But then you
know uh as I was mentioning earlier
let's say the Jesuit order tried to
capture that and control it again
through you know u a frontman like
daycart where you had somebody like
Gordono Bruno developing a very holistic
sort of you know how can I put it
hermetic uh alchemical
matrix for what could have been a very
different form of modern science and
that was destroyed through the reductive
dualistic uh model of daycart right with
where everything in the physical world
can only be understood in terms of
mechanistic causality and then whatever
spiritual can't be discussed rationally
and therefore uh you know the church
continues to have a monopoly over that
discourse. So there were attempts to
then basically suffocate the renaissance
and warp the the energies of the
renaissance to have it miscarry into
what became uh materialistic
reductionistic modern science. Yeah, you
have this great book um I think Francis
Yates, the Rosacrusian Enlightenment.
She talks about King Frederick sort of
housing a lot of these heretical
thinkers, John D, um Edward Kelly
>> um and I think Gordon Bruno as well uh
and then uh there's this war and I think
Deart fights on the other side of the
war. Right.
>> Exactly.
>> Which is really interesting. And so, you
know, it's almost symbolic that uh you
have this kind of, you know, fighter in
the world of of reason actually engaging
in this battle against the literal
people housing or providing safe haven
to some of these more heretical thinkers
who are claiming to commune directly
with angels and that sort of thing.
>> That's right. And you know, the
Renaissance was supposed to take place
in the 1300s.
>> If you look at
>> Wait, what does that mean? [laughter]
>> Well,
>> they missed their programming. If you
look at you know the the trajectory of
cultural development in the so-called
middle ages right
>> you start to see the development ofmies
and the rudiments of um empirical
investigations into nature in the late
1200s
and you know people like Paracelus and
Cornelius Agrippa and the great
alchemists come from out of this out of
this cultural development. This is where
the FA story comes from, right? The the
legend of Dr. Foustus. It's that period
in the late 1200s, early 1300s.
And then what happened, the black
plague.
>> When you look at accounts of what
actually went on during the black
plague, and here, you know, the work of
William Bramarley is absolutely
indispensable. He wrote this this book
uh the gods of Eden.
>> And as far as I can tell, Bramley had
like he wrote this masterful text and
then he never went back to the UFO
phenomena. So he's the furthest thing
from a grifter like who just wanted to
write one book after another about this
stuff, right? No, he he settled it and
that was it. You know, he had what he he
said what he had to say.
>> So Bramley started out as a very
conventional researcher trying to
understand
uh war profiteering. M
>> he he wanted to understand you know who
was behind engineering all these wars
throughout history and whether like
there was some systematic way in which
profitering was taking place through
large scale engineered human suffering
and he was thinking okay like bankers
and like banking elites and and [__]
like that right
>> yeah yeah yeah
>> and he finds UFOs
>> how does he how does he connect that
that's fascinating
>> so he goes in detail through like uh you
know archival material that's left from
various historical epochs including in
this case the Middle Ages
>> and he notices that at the time the
black plague breaks out, there are many
UFO sightings. There are sightings of
objects that land in fields.
>> Mhm.
>> It was so prominent that hysteria broke
out about it in the French court and
Charlemagne was considering declaring
war on the tyrants of the air.
>> During the reign of Charlemagne, there
were many accounts of encounters with
tyrants of the air and their aerial
ships. These accounts so concerned
Charlemagne that those reporting such
strange phenomena were subject to
torture [music] and death. Here is one
recorded event given between the 8th and
9th century in France.
One day among other instances it chanced
at Leon that three men and a woman were
seen defending from these aerial ships.
The entire city gathered about them
saying that they were magicians sent by
Charlemagne's enemy to destroy the
French harvest. In vain, the four
innocents sought to vindicate
themselves, saying that they were their
own country folks and had been carried
away a short time since by miraculous
men who had shown them unheard of
marvels. Luckily, the bishop of Leon
pronounced the incident as false, saying
it was not true these men had fallen
from the sky, and what the town folks
said they had seen there was impossible.
[music] The people believed what their
good bishop said rather than their own
eyes, and instead of liberty, the four
ambassadors from the ship. And this is
where the whole Monagonia thing that
Valet talks about. This is that period
where you know you had these people
supposedly coming from Mononia and some
of them were arrested and then this
bishop Agabard who was like a
protorationalist came up with a
justification for why this couldn't
possibly be real. So these guys got let
go and they went back to their airships
or whatever the hell. But here's the
really creepy part about this research
that Braramley did is that he found that
the plague broke out only after these
people would land in the fields, come
out of these objects, land in, and they
would go around with these hoods on and
these spray cans that became the basis
for the sid and the grim reaper image.
They were shrouded and they had these
things, okay, from out of which stuff
would spray and it became the image of
the scythe and the iconography of the
grim reaper. And not only were they
spraying the fields, they would
sometimes walk through towns and people
would be terrified and go into their
homes and these guys would walk and
deliver door-to-door service, spraying
the doors of individual homes where then
the plague would break out shortly
thereafter. Okay, so it was biological
warfare.
And you know what the result of that
was? A mass retreat back into religious
fundamentalism.
We were about to have the Renaissance in
the late 1200s, early 1300s
and then all of a sudden this black
plague comes. People are terrified. It
decimates population of Europe. So it
also reduces the industrial work base
for a scientific industrial revolution
and worst of all it causes people to
retreat back into regressive religious
belief system. So what's Bramley's
conclusion as to what the connection is
between UFOs and war prophetering?
>> He thinks that basically these uh you
know uh plague promulgators
>> Mhm. are um representing the same
faction that was lording over humanity
in the Sumerian epoch through you know
the the name of Enki or whatever you
know the the Anunnaki aligned with Enki
or the Elohim in the you know Old
Testament uh or the Davas you know to
put it in Hindu terms Richard Thompson
you know he's the guy who co-authored
forbidden archaeology with Michael Kremo
Richard Thompson
has written a great uh UFO
uh book like looking very carefully at
Hindu scriptures such as Ramayana and
Mahabarata. I think it's called alien
identities. Now granted he's coming from
out of a Hari Krishna tradition and so
he has his own religious commitments and
so forth but you can filter that out and
just look at the empirical analysis and
it's very clear from Thompson's analysis
in that book that you know the davas who
are worshiped by I don't know a billion
Hindus or something are these entities.
So,
you know, we're we're in a very
unfortunate position, right? If in fact
we're inside of a control system
governed by people who want us to remain
subordinates
and are doing everything that they can
so that we don't achieve parody with
them. Now obviously this has tremendous
implications in terms of any so-called
disclosure
because UFO disclosure
in the context of the you know modern
you know industrial or whatever you want
to say post-industrial you know economy
that we have today would mean our
rapidly achieving technological parody
with these people
and and by the way we'll come back to
this but this whole NHI discourse really
bothers me
>> well who are these people
>> yeah exactly Exactly. Who are these
people?
>> So the So the NHI is like a sigh up
against the the idea that there's
actually just a strata of people.
>> I think this is what's so deeply
disturbing to most researchers and it's
the deepest secret that's being covered
up by various governments in the world.
It's easier for
the average, you know, person to imagine
even a hostile threat emerging from deep
space that has nothing like a human face
because you can, you know,
compartmentalize it. It's like, you
know, the War of the Worlds or whatever,
right? But the idea that what's really
going on here is that there's a Hegelian
master slave dialectic at work in human
history and that the masters in that
dialectic have so raised themselves
above the common lot of humanity that
they appear as angels or celestial
beings or whatever. um and that they
they've used that mask in order to keep
us inside regressive belief systems and
to uh render us useful to them. So okay,
we we have to look at the details of
various cases if we want to get at who
these people are, right? And and how
their society came about and how this
power structure was developed in the
first place.
>> Humans with sigh abilities or are they
beings from elsewhere or what? Who are
they?
So let let's briefly again you know
you've done like a plethora of
interviews going into specific cases so
we don't want to get too bogged down you
know in the nitty-gritty of cases here
but it's important to refer to a few
empirical cases here. So Ingos Swan
>> Mhm.
>> in the 1970s
into the 1980s
uh did remote viewings of both the moon
and of Mars. Mhm.
>> In the 1970s, he was taken from out of
the SRRI program, the SRRI program that
eventually became Stargate and Grill
Flame and whatever. He was taken from
out of that into some other black unit,
which you know, he never learned what
the name of it was. Some guy who he
calls who who identified himself as Axel
Rod, took him like blindfolded by
helicopter into some facility and he was
asked to remote view this target, of
course, which he was blind to. It turned
out that the target was the moon.
And now bear in mind just you know that
at this point we had detailed satellite
reconnaissance photography of the moon.
Uh an important case in this regard is
um the testimony of Carl Wolf. Carl Wolf
had test he was a a photographic uh
repair expert and at that time sergeant
in the early 1960s leading up to the
Apollo missions and at one point he was
brought to what he thought was an NSA
facility cuz he didn't um sorry he
thought was a NASA facility cuz he'd
never heard of the NSA. A lot of
Americans hadn't. Turned out it was an
NSA facility that was processing lunar
orbiter reconnaissance photos.
And Carl Wolf, long story short, he says
he in the course of repairing this
machine was shown
photographs, mosaic photographs of a
huge megalithic city on the dark side of
the moon. That there was a city with
largely polygonal architecture, titanic
scale structures, but they weren't made
of metal and glass. They were made of
something that, you know, to him looked
like poured stone, like concrete or
something.
And in fact they reminded him of you
know megalithic architecture on the
earth.
Now back to Engle Swan. So point being
if Carl Wolf saw mosaic photographs in
the 1960s
Swan in the 70s is being tasked to
remote view the moon by people who have
access to these photographs. So I'm
thinking they want him
>> died a mysterious death after he
>> Exactly. So, by the way, Carl Wolf, and
this is horrible. These, you know, so I
mean, what what are we discussing?
Disclosure and how disclosure could be
manipulated. Well, just before this wave
of so-called disclosure began in 2017,
2018, poor Carl Wolf was run over just
the way John Mack was run over, you
know, and I hardly think it's a
coincidence because he would definitely
have been one of the people subpoenaed
to testify. Mhm.
>> And what Carl Wolf had to say is
something that nobody, you know,
whoever's gatekeeping this whole
disclosure business does not want out
there in the public. In any case,
>> Ingos Swan in the 1970s when he was
remote viewing what was on the moon
was dealing with people who had access
to these photographs. And I think what
they wanted was for him to snoop around
on the ground as it were, get a ground's
eye view of this city on the dark side
of the moon. And here's what he saw
there. He saw
tall Nordic people, statuesque Nordic
people who gave him a look like, "You
don't belong here. Get the [__] out of
here and don't come back." And he saw
these same people lording over basically
armies of slave laborers who he said
were naked
and meaning that they're probably under
some kind of a dome that we can't see,
transparent dome or something. And they
were living in these like ramshackle
like makeshift shelters under appalling
conditions conducting slave labor on the
moon.
Swan also re remote viewed Mars in the
early8s and he said these same people
who he had seen on the moon were
responsible for a civilization uh the
ruins of which he viewed on Mars. There
were very large like honeycombed cities
which he said showed evidence of
explosions, internal explosions like you
know he said he had the impression that
a battle had taken place there.
>> Well, it's funny you say that. There's a
PhD physics who's uh I think he worked
at uh uh Sandia or Los Alamos and also
Lawrence Livermore. name is John
Brandenburgg and he says that uh xenon
129 and argon 40 ex exist in excess of
what you would ever expect just from
natural radioactive isotope decay and
that proves that there was actually some
nuclear holocaust on Mars. Well, they
found a large amount of xenon 129 which
is the product of two things uh
supernova explosions and hydrogen bomb
explosions.
And we know there was no supernova on
Mars. If there was that there wouldn't
be a solar system here.
>> And you said there was one other argon.
>> There was a also there's a when you
irdiate rocks that have potassium in
them and all rocks do uh they produce a
isotope uh called argon 40 and that's
super abundant on Mars. So you have two
things that are products of what look
like an intense nuclear reaction on Mars
in the atmosphere.
>> Yeah. I spent several days with Dr.
Brandenburgg in New Mexico and I I put
this in Closer Encounters, this research
of of uh Dr. Brandenburgg that basically
the the deviation from normal of the
isizotopic ratio of xenon 129 in Sedonia
specifically where we have photographic
evidence of ruins on Mars.
The xenon 129 isotopic signature at
Sidonia he has discovered um is only
matched by thermonuclear test sites on
the earth. It's the only other place in
the solar system where we see that kind
of signature. And he came to that
conclusion when he was working at Sandia
Labs, which is where, you know, nuclear
weapons research takes place in the
United States. Okay. So, there's
evidence that some kind of a nuclear
confrontation took place on Mar. And by
the way,
>> and Carl Sean called him and said, uh,
"Hey, John, why are you why are you, uh,
you know, causing so much trouble?"
>> Yeah,
>> I found that very interesting. Carl Sean
who held definitely security clearances
and knew more than
>> I'm pretty convinced Sean was a member
of Majestic.
>> That would make sense to me. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Because he sort of flipped to anti he
was very interested in UFOs. We know
earnestly interested growing up. His
mentor he would have debates. You know
>> the book he wrote with Schlavski the
Soviet scientist. He co-wrote
intelligent life in the universe. And
Sean himself at that point was saying,
you know, we should look at ancient
myths and check the archeological and
historical record for contact and so on
and so forth.
>> There you go.
>> And then all of a sudden,
>> and he had a security clearance, I think
project um was it A119 I think in the uh
late 50s where they were considering
nuking the moon as a show of force
against the Soviets. And he had a
security clearance through the air force
through that. And then it was
interesting he sort of flipped into
anti-UFO mode and like almost official
priestly citadel spokesman of the
American scientific community uh right
as J. Allen Heinik moved from you know
rationalizing explaining everything away
via Project Blue Book the official Air
Force fake program
>> into more openness. Um so like it was
like kind of late 60s early7s.
It's kind of this interesting kind of
you know thing
>> and he was the right age by that point
to be recruited into such an
organization you know
>> in any case Brandenburgg uh came to the
conclusion that something like an empire
states an empire state building's worth
of nuclear weapons had been detonated uh
to produce that kind of a deviation of
xenon 129 isotope at Sidonia but um so
Swan saw evidence of this on the ground
okay like a devastated civilization
and he said it was the same people who
he saw on the moon as basically slave
drivers. Now, unbeknownst to Swan,
and by the way, when Swan remote viewed
Mars, he worked with a team of, I
believe, five other remote viewers and
they were all, you know, they they did
it independently, right? And they're all
blind to the target. But unbeknownst to
that whole team led by Ingo Swan, in
1984, I think it was the same year, in
1984, Joe McMel at the Monroe Institute
did a remote viewing of Mars for the
CIA.
>> And we
>> I thought it was in the '9s.
>> No, 1984.
>> 1984.
>> Yeah. Go uh look it up. The paper's
available now. It's been declassified.
You can read the whole report.
>> Yeah.
>> It's been declassified by the CIA.
>> And it's 1984. I believe the title is
Mars 1 million BC.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> And cuz initially they say to him go to
Mars like 1 million BC. That's what's in
the envelope, right? But what he said to
them was when McMongle wound up there,
he said, "Oh, it's all in ruins. It's
it's there were people once here. I see
like ghosts of people who once were, but
they're not here anymore."
>> I saw people were 12 to 14t tall.
>> So then they Yes.
>> Yes. Yes. So they said to him, "Okay,
well if it's devastated and the people
aren't around anymore, go back to when
they were around." Now he never reports
on how far back that was. He just goes
mentally to when they still had a
civilization.
>> So they go back to 1 million and there
was some recent ruin. Then he goes back
further. These are people. Okay.
>> These people are the same again as Swan
saw. Very tall sort of Nordic people,
very broad shouldered people, not an
ounce of body fat. They have they're
wearing these skintight clothes, you
know, that reveal every contour of every
muscle. And he says some very
interesting things about their
worldview, their outlook, uh, and their
dying civilization. But what's most
interesting is this.
He says that
a group of them were sent out in a craft
to go scout out a new world that they
could possibly develop as a habitation
for themselves because Mars was no
longer a planet on which they could
survive, right? And this scout ship runs
into a planet where there are constant
electrical storms. There's a tremendous
amount of volcanic activity. Uh, it's
the opposite of Mars, but in a way
that's also difficult to support human
life. In other words, it's overgrown
with vegetation, right? It's an
incredibly volatile
but living planet. And [snorts]
they they're like, "We can't live in
this planet under these conditions. We
would have to modify this planet to live
there."
>> And so, I suspect that what's going on
there is the scouting out of a
primordial Earth by people from Mars.
Which then brings us to the question of
the moon, you know, and what the moon
is, right? I mean, so we've got Carl
Wolf telling us there's a city on the
dark side of the moon. We've got Ingo
Swan having done remote viewing that
confirms that. But I think that the
situation with the moon is is actually a
lot more disturbing than there simply
being, you know, a city-sized alien base
on the back side of the alien, whatever
base on the back side of the moon.
You look at the the geometry and the
mathematics of of the moon in relation
to the earth and the sun. It makes no
sense. The the moon is 1/400th the
distance between the earth and the sun
and it's 1/400th the size of the sun.
And so that creates these perfect
eclipses that we see, right? That by
itself is very odd. And then you look at
the fact that
the craters on the moon are all only a
few miles deep. You never find a crater
on the moon that's more than five or six
miles deep. But some of these craters
are like 186 miles wide, right? So, and
at the, you know, the base of the
largest craters, you see a convex
surface. In other words, it looks
nothing like the Grand Canyon or the Val
Marinys on Mars where like, you know, an
asteroid would hit it and you'd see a
deep gouge that should be proportionally
as deep as it is wide. No, what you're
seeing apparently is a hard shell that's
being revealed through the impact
against the regalith by whatever object.
The ejector is going 186 miles out in
every direction, but
there's never a a crater deeper than a
few miles. And what's being revealed
there at the crater base is a hard
convex surface. Then there's the impact.
Uh well, one of them was a test, one of
them was accidental. first one um I
think part of an Apollo lander hit the
moon and there was a seismograph that
had already been positioned there and it
registered basically the seismic
signature that you would uh face if you
were bas measuring a a hollow object
that basically um the the reverberations
went down for about 20 miles and then
they stop. And the way that the
reverberation was distributed throughout
the moon suggested that as the the
observers, you know, put it, it rang
like a bell. And so then they repeated
this test deliberately a second time. I
think it was an Apollo 13. And this time
they hit it with with a more significant
impact. And this kind of uh seismic
signature was observed for three hours.
The moon basically ringing like a a
hollow object for three hours.
So, there's all this evidence that the
moon is an artificial satellite. And
setting this in the context of Joe
McMongle's remote viewing of Mars, what
I argue in closer encounters
is that the people on Mars
probably constructed the moon for two
purposes. One, as a very largecale
transport of a of a significant
population from Mars to the orbit of the
Earth. and two as a terraforming device
to radically alter the ecological
uh situation of the planet uh so as to
make it habitable for humans, right?
They said there were these horrendous
constant electrical storms and volcanic
eruptions and so on and so forth. Well,
you know, the Earth spun a lot faster
before the if the moon had not been in
orbit at some point, we would have been
dealing with a planet that was a lot
more unstable, spinning much faster, um,
prone to toppling over. The moon acts as
a tremendous stabilizer for the Earth.
By the way, that's another thing about
the moon is that it has a unusually
stable orbit as compared to the moons
around other planets as if there's a
stabilizer inside of it. So, I think it
was created to transport a large
population and and it was used as a
terraforming device. Now, to answer your
deeper question,
what does that say about who these
people are, right?
>> Uh, number one, it says that they're
people. So, NHI is not an appropriate
appellation for these individuals,
right? They look like us particularly.
They look Nordic
>> and um they appear to have been the
progenitors of the human race. Not only
that, they appear to have terraformed
the Earth to make it habitable for
humanoids.
>> But I have one huge problem with all of
that,
>> the time scales. H it makes no sense
whatsoever to me that you would have
people who look like us I don't know
millions of years BC on Mars
>> the same people
are uh basically you know I don't know
involved in the power struggle that's
been remembered as the myth of the
Atlantan revolt.
>> Mhm. The same people are being
encountered today by let's say Travis
Walton when Walton was abducted.
First he had to deal with these grays
these little robotic entities that you
know tried to put him back together
after he you know sustained some kind of
physical damage being thrown by the you
know electrogravitic repulsion of the
craft. But then he, you know, big
strapping fellow that he was, he broke
free of the control of these robots and
the medical facility or whatever. Went
down the hallway and he bumped into
these Nordics and from [snorts] there on
he was handled by these people. He said
they looked like they could all have
been members of the same family.
>> I went into another room where there was
a chair. There was some kind of a
projection or some kind of a viewing
thing in this room where you could see a
map of the stars. A man came in while I
was trying to find a way out there. And
this was a a humanlook person.
They had passed in a crowd. This
individual and on Earth, he was bigger
than me, taller and more muscular, very
large individual. I went up and uh tried
to talk to this [music] guy and uh he
didn't answer me. He led me outside of
this craft that I was in, [music] which
was apparently parked inside of a large
room or a building or a larger craft and
led me out of this room into [music]
another room where some other beings
like himself
um put me unconscious.
When I regained consciousness,
I found myself laying on the roadway
[music]
that I saw a craft hovering there that
just sat there for a second and just
shot straight up.
That's the last I've seen [music] of.
>> And then you have cases like uh you know
um Betty Andreas and Luca
>> where again you have uh her taken she's
frozen together with her family by grays
who come into the house. This is a 19
1960s housewife and
her and her daughter Becky, I believe,
uh were both taken
and
initially they're handled by the grays
who freeze the, you know, the family and
and abduct them from the home. But then
they are brought to a place where they
encounter these uh angelic looking
Nordic beings who proceed to tell Betty
that essentially they're the angels and
that the little grays are responsible
for writing down all the deeds of
humans. They're like a a mass
surveillance system that keeps a record
of everybody's life. And these tall
angelic beings told her that they
brought Christ into the world and don't
worry, they're going to bring him back
again soon. And while she was with them,
and by the way, she didn't say they took
her into space. They seemed to have
taken her somewhere underground or
underwater.
And while she was there, she noticed
this like doorway or large mirror or
something uh that led toward this light.
And some of these little gray entities
went into the light. and they told her
you can't go in there that's the one
that's the source and that sent Jesus
into the world and will again soon right
so a couple of points I want to make
through you know these various cases one
is that we we often hear these
narratives where these you know tall
statuesque beautiful Nordics are pitted
against these ugly little uh
transhumanist gray robots and you know
like the Eisenhower story that you know
Eisenhower met with the Nordics first
and And you know, he met with the grays
and the grays made him a better deal
because the Nordics wanted us to get rid
of our nuclear weapons. The gray said,
"No, we'll give you our technology. Just
let us abduct a certain number of people
each year." This is extremely dubious to
me, this narrative, because there are
plenty of cases that attest to the fact
that the grays are some kind of a
cybernetic robot that work for these
Nordics
and the Nordics appear to be the ones in
control. So, if there's a narrative
that's being promulgated of, you know,
uh, beneficent Nordics versus like
inhuman monstrous grays, I think it's
some kind of good cop, bad cop, bait and
switch that's being set up here, uh, to
ultimately put us in a position of
captivation.
And you first see this uh, in 1950s
Italy. There's a case that I cover in
Closer Encounters. this guy Bruno
Samachicia and his associates
um were engaged by these Nordics who had
underground bases
and they claimed first of all as you see
with all these cases of encounters with
Nordics demonstration of tremendous
liabilities. These Nordics are all
telepathic. They can perform you know uh
impressive telekinetic feats and so on
so forth. But what uh this Bruno
Samichia and his associates said is that
these Nordics were so benevolent like
they would never harm a fly. But they
told us that there were these other
entities, the Contrari, the CTR, the
Contrari, who are these little robotic
entities and they're soulless and they
just want to, you know, they want
control over the human soul because they
don't have souls themselves. And um
they're locked in a in a millennial
battle with these beings.
So this Nordics versus gray narrative
goes all the way back to the 1950s.
Interestingly, Samichia
makes a little note that you know at one
point it occurred to me that the SS were
involved in eugenics programs and there
were rumors that after the war these uh
eugenics programs were continued in
secret in underground facilities and so
on so forth. And I wonder whether these
people that we saw and they also saw
very young people fitting this Nordic
type were basically products outcomes of
such programs that had begun in the
Second World War. He engages albeit
briefly in that kind of speculation.
So long story short,
>> my point is that these people
are integral to human history and to the
development of human society. We're not
dealing with something that's coming
from the outside. And I'd be very
suspicious of, you know, claims by,
let's say, uh, you know, George Adamsky
saying that so and so Furkcon told him
that he was from Mars or George Van
Tassel saying that he was dealing with
Venusians or Billy Meyer telling us
about the, you know, bene beneficent uh,
Pleians who were going to come to save
us all. Right?
These beings are incredibly deceptive. I
mean deception is part of their mo.
Jacqu Valet picks up on this in the
context of the fairy folklore of the
middle ages. I mean one very consistent
thing that you see uh in encounters with
the gentry the the elite fairies in
Britany and in Ireland and so on and so
forth is that the peasants know that
these beings lie all the time. They lie
all the time about everything and they
only call them the good folk because
otherwise they'll get pissed off and
Lord knows what they'll do to you. So,
uh, I think we're dealing with a faction
of humanity that's positioned itself as
a sort of overlord or master task, um,
above the common herd and they have
adopted all kinds of guises and
disguises to, uh, you know,
strategically deceive us for the sake of
the preservation of their control
system.
>> How do you answer the time scale
question? And so you were saying, you
know, if you have millions of years ago
these, you know, beings that looked like
us existed on Mars and then you have,
you know, grays acting as their sort of
robotic little drone emissaries, how
does that necessarily answer this
question of of right, you know, time
scale? So the biggest problem with UFO
disclosure
is that the
0 point energy electrogravidic
propulsion system
is not just going to give you a craft
that travels from New York to Australia
in an hour, right? It's going to give
you a flying time machine.
So you remember in the 1950s, I believe
you've covered the subject before
and I go into it in some depth in Closer
Encounters, there were these newspaper
articles quoting the chairman of Martin
Aircraft, Lear Convair,
saying that the G engines are coming,
that we've cracked anti-gravity,
and within a few years, uh, at a cost
comparable to the Manhattan project, we
can have industrial scale development of
electrogravitic craft that will get you
from New York to Australia in an for
Here's the problem, though. What they
didn't realize, and I think what was
explained to them when they finally got
the memo, is that these are flying time
machines.
They
mess with the spatiotemporal
fabric in a way that causes time
dilation and time displacement.
And I have this also on personal
testimony, which I've told the story
before, but I never revealed who told me
this.
In this case, I will.
>> Okay.
>> Um, because man, the guy is old and you
know, if anyone, you know, no, nobody at
this point should should be wanting to
cause him any trouble in his life. Uh,
Lin Buchanan
>> Mhm.
>> in his living room told me a story about
how at one point he was taken to a
locked facility in California,
deep underground facility. He said that
uh it was like a shack on the side of
the road and you went into this shack
and all of a sudden the floor of the
place dropped. The whole thing was an
elevator and it took you down I don't
know how many hundreds of feet through
solid rock and he came out into this
facility where
they had reconstructed FAA style a
collision between an airliner and a UFO
like the way that FAA reconstructs
airline collisions. What do you mean
reconstruct?
>> Uh like like you know when there's been
a plane crash,
>> the FAA will lay out the pieces of the
craft
>> um to emulate the moment of impact.
>> Whoa.
>> And with like little flags and stuff and
>> so like a model of it.
>> No, no, they take the wreckage. They
take the wreckage and they reassemble it
as best they can.
>> So he saw a shattered UFO.
>> Exactly. With a civilian I don't know if
it was civilian airliner an aircraft. A
human aircraft or maybe it was a
military one. I don't know. He didn't
say it.
>> Anyway, they had this reconstruction and
the reason they brought him there is
that they were trying to figure out how
this UFO works.
>> Mhm.
>> And there was something about the
guidance system that they couldn't
figure out. And he wanted they wanted
him to remote view
>> how this thing was used by the pilots.
Anyway, here's the important thing is
that when he was at this facility, he
says that
they conveyed to him that they were
training pilots to fly UFOs.
I don't know whether the recovered UFOs
or reverse engineered UFOs based on
their design, but they were training
American pilots to fly these UFOs. And
the biggest problem was time
displacement
that these craft would, you know, you
couldn't travel through space with them
without some degree of time
displacement. And that was incredibly
disorienting to the pilots. So they had
developed models for how much time
displacement there would be based on
warping of spaceime by the
electrogravidic drive and they were
trying to teach this to these pilots so
that their brains weren't scrambled by
time travel essentially.
So I have that testimony also to confirm
what I think is already a very sound
theoretical speculation. Michael Masters
goes into this in his book on UFOs and
time travel which I cite in closer
encounters that the 0 point energy drive
is going to give you a time machine not
just a propulsion
uh platform.
So why do people look like I don't know
Nordic you know uh Olympic swimmers
millions of years BC on Mars and you
know how is there such a continuity not
just of the looks of the people of the
architecture what McMmonle and Swan saw
on Mars was a style of architecture that
matches the most titanic megalithic
structures on Earth and that's also the
style in which that city was built on
the dark side of the moon which you Carl
Wolf. So the photographs of which Ingo
Swan wandered around, okay, through
astral projection. Why is there a
consistent style of architecture over
millions and millions of years?
Because it's not a linear temporal
continuity. We are dealing with people
who achieved time travel at some point.
That point could be the future. Looking
at it from a linear perspective, it
could be 2050. It could be, you know,
3100.
At some point, time travel is achieved
by a group of humans. Those humans
appear to be of Nordic phenotype and
genotype.
Those people then began to manipulate
the variables of human history
hyperdimensionally.
>> So, it's not like they were Martians
that once had a civilization millions of
years ago on Mars and somehow, you know,
they've gone into cryochamber. Although
they did report that there were cryo
chambers on Mars and that there were
people who had been left there and they
had been waiting to be woken up and
nobody came back for them. McMaggle said
that
>> these pyramidal places are like
hibernation chambers. They're trying to
survive until somebody comes to save
them.
>> In any case, uh but I don't think that
that that goes anywhere comes anywhere
close to explaining the temporal
continuity here. I think what we're
seeing is a group of people who have
learned how to drop into different
epochs of human history from out of what
you might loosely call a
fifthdimensional
frame of reference.
>> Interesting. And so, you know, people
talk about it's me, it's it's
interesting you said Nordics versus
grays. I often hear Nordics versus
reptilians. So, like are nor are the
Nordics the only faction that have some
sort of transtemporal ability to to time
hop or is there some other faction that
also, you know, um has plans for the
Earth? Here's what I uh speculate about
the reptilians in Closer Encounters.
Okay. If you
u take seriously the possibility that
the moon is a terraforming device and
that the ecological
the biosphere of this planet was
radically reshaped to make it habitable
for humans. Well, that would have
involved also the extinction of the
dinosaurs, right? So the Nordics coming
here from Mars
were responsible for the extinction of
the dinosaurs. Now the Sumerian myths
tell us that when the Anunnaki
engineered a slave race on Earth,
>> they went through several successive
models
>> and the first few were failures.
>> So they they started by engineering
other types of humanoid beings.
>> So you is there Anunnaki in the Sumerian
type? Like cuz there's this debate of
whether you know Zachariah Sitchin was
right about these things. So you you
think there are
>> oh there for sure Anunnaki the debates
are about whether like for example
Sitchin says the word shem means rocket.
>> Okay.
>> And you know it's it means a pillar that
like stands you know it's like debates
over you know to what extent are these
metaphors or are these you know
vocabulary that's being taken out of
context. the Anunnaki in the Sumerian
text are as clearly there as references
to the Olympian gods in Greek
literature. And it's very clear in the
in the Sumerian text that you know it's
part of the integral myth and religious
belief system of their society that the
Anunnaki created humans as
a race of beings to serve them.
>> So that that is clearly
>> very clear and and what's more
interesting is that we weren't the first
though.
>> There were a bunch of failed versions
before us.
>> Yeah. And so I speculate in Closer
Encounters, and it's a speculation.
>> Yeah.
>> That well, if they got here at the time,
the dinosaurs were the dominant species
on the earth and they're responsible for
the extinction of the dinosaurs
and yet they needed to create a humanoid
slave race. Why not take dinosaurs and
hybridize them genetically with
themselves?
>> Instead of having to lord over beings
who are very much like you, which is a
it's a very bad position to be in
psychologically, sociologically, etc.
you know, you do it with a group of
beings that are very physically capable
but that are not like you. It allows you
to, you know, morally justify yourself,
you know, better than to lord over your
own kind, as it were.
>> So, you know, how do we know that the
reptilians aren't the product of some
Frankenstein's laboratory that these
people established? You know, the same
Frankenstein's laboratory from out of
which these cybernetic rays emerged. Y
>> right.
>> That's my speculation.
>> It's super interesting. I mean to
somebody on the outside listening to
this
they could call us insane and say like
you know this is all so it's so
speculative and and whatever is going on
feels so weakly entangled with our
reality whether it's the psychic stuff
which we started started off talking
about which I you know fully agree with
you there's a ton of data showing that
there is some weak entanglement between
mind and matter there are our abilities
to for the mind to quote unquote
collapse The wave function is what it
empirically seems to occur in these
random event generator experiments that
occurred at elite universities across
the United States. The Princeton
Engineering and Anomalous Research Lab,
SRRI, all these schools, elite schools
studied this stuff. And none of those
researchers came out saying there wasn't
anything there. Almost all of them came
out saying there was a there there. Um,
and then look, I obviously am very deep
on all the alien UFO lore and so I think
there's a there there too. But both of
these feel very weakly entangled with
our reality. Like the fact that we're
even talking about this on a podcast.
It's like, you know, it feels like it's
been relegated to sort of entertainment.
>> I'll tell you what's not weekly
entangled.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And what's uh very tangible in terms of
uh an existential challenge that we have
to face and this is actually what's of
greatest interest to me. Right? I'm not
a euphologist. I'm a philosopher who's
using the material of eupfology for a
certain philosophical purpose and that
has to do with the challenge of the
technological singularity. Right? So in
uh my book Prometheism the way I break
this down is I I had written this book
earlier called world state of emergency.
>> It's one of the concepts that I've
developed which I reformulate in
Prometheism. And in this book
Prometheism I describe this world state
of emergency in terms of the end of
humanity, the end of history and the end
of reality. So the end of humanity means
you know genetic engineering
uh cybernetic integration of
nanotechnological components into the
human body and the human cognitive
>> near term
>> augment it's happening now augmentation
of human cognition by artificial
intelligence. So whether it's crisper
genetic engineering or cybernetic
enhancement of humans by artificial
intelligence integration through neural
link and so on and so forth we are
facing a situation where the boundary
conditions of human existence may be
altered right and in the history of
philosophy there were thinkers like
Nietze who foresaw such a moment
arriving where
>> you would have an Uber Mench or
Superman. Uh did he view that? I didn't
realize he saw that as some sort of
historical
>> and there are a lot of academics who I
have to say because of cowardice frankly
want to think that you know nichch's
idea of the uber mench is just some
ethical exemplar or some kind of a
psychological type.
>> That's the way it was taught to me.
>> Yeah. Because it's become taboo in
academia. That's why. So NZ has a
concept of the higher man and he has a
whole psychology of the higher man as a
human type that's different from the
uber mench. The higher man is a
precursor or herald of the future coming
of the uber mench. in his uh notes that
became compiled into the will to power
there are clearly passages where he's
talking about industrial economic and
technical development and that there
will come a time when there's the
potential for the uh evolutionary rise
of a species that would be as different
from contemporary humanity as we are
from apes. That a chasm would separate
them from us that's as vast as the chasm
between man and ape. And did he root
that in some sort of technological
argument?
>> Yes, absolutely. He says that the
machinery of technical industry on the
planet
>> will be so integrated and increasingly
autonomous that humans will be forced to
either uh become robots that they will
have to degrade into a subhuman
condition due to lack of will, you know,
lack of any ethos. um not being able to
have any self-directive and principled
uh existence. Those kinds of people are
going to degrade into a subhuman
condition and be insconed and
encompassed by the technical industrial
infrastructure such that they become
part of the kind of robotic uh machinery
of production. And then there's going to
be people who become highly
individuated. They are, as he puts it,
an aristocracy of the soul. Uh artist
tyrants as he put it. um who essentially
you know it's like the ultimate ideal of
the Renaissance man
uh as the point of of of you know
inception for a higher species that
ultimately is as different from modern
humans as we are from the apes. So he he
has this notion developed. So it's an
early form of transhumanism that you
see. And anyway, my point is you you
have these convergences of cybernetics
and genetic engineering into a potential
end of humanity. Then in terms of, you
know, development of zero point energy
and what we were talking about earlier
where we might uh gain control over the
space-time matrix itself and be able to
have a hyperdimensional relationship
with various epochs of human history.
Well, there you're dealing with the end
of history in a much more radical sense
than like let's say Hegel projected an
end of history in terms of you know the
the end point of all the dialectical
tensions and you know social
developments that he thought were
progressively uh unfolding the evolution
of consciousness from epoch to epoch. In
a much more radical sense than that,
you're going to have us face what Hegel
called the, you know, dilemma of the
master slave dialectic
where we have to ask ourselves whether
the end of history should be a social
and political situation where there
continues to be a master cast or master
race lording over, you know, vast uh
hordes of slaves and underlings or
whether really the end of history
should, you know, uh, be a moment of of
universal liberation and the
actualization of freedom across all of
humanity, right?
>> Do you think that Hegel [laughter] had
some sort of worldview involving, you
know, these Nordic beings that control
the Earth? Well, the the interesting
thing about Hegel's, isn't there a book
called It's like Hegel and hermeticism
or something and talks about his
relationship with Glenn
>> McGee.
Yeah, Glenn McGee. Um,
I knew that guy at one point. Anyway, I
won't get into that. But Glenn McGee uh
wrote an excellent book where he through
his reading his book on Hegel and
Alchemy, I went back to his source,
which is Hegel's book called Philosophy
of Mind.
>> Uh, not to be confused with
phenomenology of spirit, which is the
more famous work by Hegel. But Hegel
wrote this book philosophy of mind,
which is all about, you know, the
psyche. And it has extensive passages on
the paranormal in it which are never
taught in academia. And Hegel has this
whole very interesting theory about how
you know the hypertrophy of the
technical intellect and [snorts] you
know mathematics and basically
geometry and you know um you know
geometrical and mathematical uh methods
of engineering and so forth atrophied
the kind of instinctual abilities that
we share in common with animals and that
then reemerge in isolated cases in the
form of what we would call psychic
phenomena. He has a very interesting
sort of evolutionary you know
sociological account of sigh
>> throughout human history. So Hegel was
open to these things and he studied
alchemy. Um and then the other person
who you know formulated an idea of the
end of history of of course Markx you
know and the young Marx was a disciple
of Hegel and Marx is specifically
developing from out of Hegel this idea
of the master slave dialectic and you
know arguing that
>> although capitalism is potentially uh
the most revolutionary transformative
force in human history. It also
represents the last form of alienation
and the the last structure of the master
slave dialectic where you have this
master capitalist class that is then
alienated from uh you know the majority
of workers but then also psychologically
alienated from themselves. the ma the
master cast
undergoes a personal psychological
alienation through its affirmation of
this um power structure.
>> So the question that I raise in closer
encounters philosoph one of the many
philosophical questions I raise in
closer encounters is that is this the
case with these Nordics as well? Do when
when we say Nordics,
it feels like you know the the idea that
there is some sort of mythos that is
moving forward Allah something in
control outside of you know lower
humanity that is pushing forward these
scientific frameworks [snorts] that all
makes sense to me. And then the
parasychology stuff being some sort of
you know necessary
preclusion from all philosophy or even
for a lot of philosophy needs to speak
about it either in Straussian you know
sort of coded ways or it needs to you
know actually stigmatize it and go you
go against it you know all day cart or
whatever that all makes sense to me and
then what I what I personally struggle
with is when we start talking about
different races like Nordics or
reptilians I'm like I it's just clear to
me that like we're not in control of our
general overall episto.
>> That's a very disempowering uh
conclusion to reach.
>> It sucks. But but but when you get into
these specifics, I'm like nor I don't
maybe I don't know.
>> There's a plethora of empirical evidence
for it.
>> Yeah. There's a lot but but here's the
thing. But here's the thing and here's
where it gets deeply uncomfortable and
and this is why you know
>> like I was saying at the outset of our
conversation there's a defense mechanism
that kicks in
>> which you can see in certain researchers
>> where they want to turn the whole thing
into an abstraction. And it's the
contient thing in itself that's somehow,
you know, interfering in our history in
ways that we'll never really fully
understand
>> because actually the thing that's going
on is so disturbing that we don't want
to look it in the face.
>> So what and what do you think they is it
like the Anunnaki who left the planet
Nibiru or something?
>> So here's where so here's where I was at
the end of history, right?
is my question is
are Hegel and Marx right about the
nature of alienation in terms of power
structures sociologically
>> and does that also apply to these
Nordics? In other words,
if there was some rebellion in Atlantis
or whatever you want to call that
civilization, which Plato recounts in
Tmus and Critius and so forth,
is that an unfinished struggle? And does
some kind of a
social and psychological revolution need
to take place that dismantles this power
structure?
>> And I think that's what disclosure
really hinges on. Because until and
unless this power structure is
dismantled, we're not going to get any
disclosure, we're going to get a new
form of disinformation that reinforces
the extent power structure. That feels
right. I mean, a great example of this
is Trump takes office. He promises
disclosure, broad disclosure across a
lot of different vectors. JFK, the UFO
disclosure, you know, on various
podcasts, he goes, "We have to do it,
you know." And then um you know of
course the Epstein files was really this
rallying cry of this whole kind of you
know uh uh truth seeking MAGA base and
and he brought together this kind of
coalition of former liberals you know
RFK Jr. Tulsi and it was like we're
going to find the truth on this stuff.
day one he removes the security
clearances of a lot of his stated
political enemies people who are the
architects of Russia gate saying use
this you know asset of of Putin and
whatever and it's like it doesn't matter
how you play the game of musical chairs
but there is some structure power
structure that exists above the white
house that it's almost like they have
you know a full panopticon ability the
complete 360 surveillance abilities like
like uh they are mindmelded with the
entire elite power structure or
something and we and we just can't get
any sort of disclosure on this stuff.
It's weird. It's and it's it's almost
like there's some sort of undetectable
dark matter. You know, when you have
like like Hunter Biden was just
interviewed by this, you know, Channel 5
news guy, this Andrew Caligan, he's
saying, you know, clearly, you know, you
have the all these like elite left, you
have Dersowitz going on podcast saying,
you know, it was clear this was some
sort of like, you know, compromat, you
know, gathering thing, you know, and
that was Epstein's lawyer. It's like,
why can't we get any make any sort of
progress on this? It feels like there is
something almost paranormal
>> on the Epste. Okay, for sure there is.
Okay. So, what's going on? You wrote a
blog post about that.
>> No, I know. But before we go into
Epstein, let's let's leave Epstein as a
as a f, you know, attack on note.
>> Okay.
>> Um,
>> yeah.
>> But let me complete this thought about
the end of history.
>> Yeah.
>> So, the third aspect of this world state
of emergency concept that I developed is
the end of reality. Okay. And here's
where there's a very important caveat to
everything I've been saying here where I
could be tremendously misconstrued
especially by people who haven't read me
at all. Uh and that's that I think there
are two sources to what have been you
know lumped together as you know UAP
right unexplained whatever aerial or
anomalous phenomena. There are two
distinct sources of these various
manifestations.
One is this whole Nordic control system
that I've been laying out, but there's
another one that's radically different
and that manifests in terms of
events and experiences that express the
trickster archetype.
>> So, for example, you see this at uh
Skinwalker Ranch
>> where there was this one incident which
I think uh John Alexander wrote about. I
knew him at one point as well. John
Alexander.
>> Oh, how what was that like? What's he
like?
>> Um, he's a very nice guy. I mean, uh,
well, we can we can come back to that.
My my issue with him is that
his book about UFOs, he claims that he
never found any group like Majestic and
didn't think that there was a deep state
that was gatekeeping like really
significant knowledge about the
phenomenon. And you know, I discussed
this with Valet as well. The issue there
is ego. It's that he can't believe like
many other people within this system
that they wouldn't have been clear
cleared for such knowledge.
>> But I also hear stories about him where
like he might be representing sort of
the power structure and certain cases.
>> All I can say is I didn't get that from
him when I was there. He had some very
interesting stories. Uh including one
that involved seeing Nordics at a hotel
casino in Las Vegas.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah. And they got into his mind
telepathically. And you know what he he
what he he he heard from them
telepathically.
>> Um one of them said to the there was a
it was a tall beautiful man and woman
Nordic man and woman and one of them
said to the other one like do we need to
worry about him? Like is he he can hear
us right? Yeah he can hear us but he's
not important. He's not part of the
program. We don't need to worry about
it. He's nobody
>> basically. So anyway, uh okay, so but uh
that aside, at Skinwalker Ranch in this
one case that Alexander, you know,
reports on and others have have
recounted the same incident,
>> there was this camera um on, you know,
they have these cameras surveilling the
property to checking. Yeah. So one
camera is looking at another camera
>> and um they have a certain frame rate on
these cameras, right? And in the
interval between the frames,
>> yeah,
>> all of a sudden, uh, the other camera
goes out. So they lo they lose the feed
from from this camera that's being
observed by another camera. But also
they see that all of a sudden there's no
uh PVC, there's no like uh duct tape
left and this camera that's no longer
providing footage is like, you know,
damaged and it's no longer being held
together on the pole properly.
Well, the interval in the frame rate of
of the camera that was observing the
damaged camera was something like I
forget, but less than 2 minutes, like a
minute and a half, something like that.
And in that uh time frame, somehow
somebody cut the wires of that camera
and pulled all of the duct tape off the
pole. Okay, imagine what a task this
would be. Big pole, camera at the end of
it, all these wires. You have to cut
them all and then pull all the duct tape
off right in like a minute and a half or
something like that. And me and and and
moreover there were cattle around this
pole and none of them were disturbed by
whatever it is that came and managed
this feat in such a time. Okay. So what
does that look like? That looks like our
world is a movie and somebody cut into
the movie uh film and somebody, you
know, cut into the the the film and like
restitched it, right?
And what it suggests is that our world
is a subset of some larger
um some larger domain
>> and that there are people who can
interfere in this world as if it's a
programmed uh construct.
>> Yeah. Like physics is information
theoretic and they have root access to
the code.
>> And now and this is you know my in my
chapter on the end of reality and
prometheism. Now we're reaching that
capability ourselves where we're
starting to understand how to develop
similacra that are potentially
indistinguishable from reality.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> And so
I I think in short that when you look at
certain extremely bizarre cases like
what goes on at Skinwalker Ranch or the
types of high stranges that John Keel
often wrote about the types of men in
black cases that Keel recounts where
clearly they're not government agents.
They're like these strange entities that
materialize and dematerialize and
addicts and things and you know the the
bizarre interactions that they have with
people and the numbers cases. Keel
reports that uh you know when the Silver
Bridge collapsed in Point Pleasant,
Pennsylvania, the you know Moth Man set
of cases where at the end of these
series of Mo Man appearances and
appearances of other cryptids and UFOs
and so forth, there was this
catastrophic bridge collapse around
Christmas and all these people drowned
in the river under this bridge. Uh there
were people who were drowning and all of
a sudden they heard number 3004 number
3,486
number 3,486
wake up wake up and they like came back
to life and were able to save themselves
from being drowned. And Keiel reports on
cases where people heard numbers being
spoken at them from out of television
sets and things that make you think of
like the Matrix and Dark City and so on
and so forth. Yes. Whereas if like every
person has a number and we're inside
some kind of a construct.
>> Yeah. Or like the first cryptographers
like Trimus 13th century was like always
like cryptography in order to speak to
these sort of angelic beings or even you
know John D. Edward Kelly like those
guys as well right.
>> It's always numerology.
>> That's right. You know John D set up the
British Imperial system. I mean the guy
came up with the conception of the
British Navy and basically you know
turned Queen Elizabeth into the founder
of a of a global maritime imperial
system and he was this you know
cryptographic oultist.
>> Mhm. In any case, um we are catching up
in our modern scientific understanding
to uh you know the kind of knowledge
that would be required to engineer a
similacum or to recode the world in
order to develop a world within a world,
>> right? And you can see this in a set of
people from Claude Shannon who first
develops information theory to Ralph
Landau to ultimately John Archbald
Wheeler. Mhm.
>> So the foundations of understanding you
know what data and information transfer
are in a mathematically precise sense
were developed by Shannon. Then uh Ralph
Landau had this very interesting
insight. Ralph Landau Jewish German
physicist [snorts]
he said look everything that happens in
the physical world is bound by the laws
of thermodynamics. And according to the
second law of thermodynamics,
[snorts]
um, entropy either stays the same or it
increases over time.
In a hard drive, in a computer system,
if you have no data recorded
and it's all like zeros,
then there's more order locally in that
system. Then once you start to have you
know one 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 1 1 the encoding
of data on a hard drive or a magnetic
tape
seems to us like more order because we
attribute meaning to the content of it.
>> Mhm.
>> But as a physical phenomenon it's an
increase of disorder
>> because there's more randomization.
>> Yes.
So Landau theorized that if you delete a
hard drive,
you're increasing
entropy. If you delete a hard drive and
restore it to all zero y
>> hard erase,
you are decreasing entropy locally.
Therefore, according to the second law
of thermodynamics, you have to pay for
that by increasing entropy outside of
the computer system.
>> Mhm. Because the total amount of entropy
has to either stay the same or it has to
increase. Oh.
>> Oh, that's interesting.
>> You see, so Landau said, "Well, wait a
minute. This means that every time you
erase a hard drive or magnetic tape,
energy should be released."
>> So where would that go?
>> Uhhuh. But here's the thing. One is
where would it go? But it goes out into
the world. But two, what was it before
the hard drive was erased? E= MC².
According to Einstein,
if energy is being released out into the
world when the hard drive is erased,
before the eraser, it was mass inside
the hard drive.
>> Is there a form of mass that's not
electromagnetically detectable?
>> Dark matter. Ah so late '7s we start to
see that
the projected mass of distant galaxies
doesn't match what it appears to be
based on observations of how light is
bent around distant galaxies. So we we
would we would see like you know the
angle at which light is bent around the
galaxy. So, you got one galaxy that's
very far away, one that's somewhat
closer.
The light of the galaxy that's very far
away is being bent around the galaxy
that's closer on its way to your
observational instrument. And the angle
at which it's bent can help you infer
the mass of the galaxy, its
gravitational impact on the light. Also
they looked at the spin rates of
galaxies and so so they found that that
it's the light from distant galaxies is
being bent much more severely than it
should be by galaxies that are closer to
us based on what we assumed that the
mass of those galaxies was simply uh you
know according to observation of how
many stars and so on so forth there are
in those galaxies. Mhm.
>> Also they looked at the spin rates of
galaxies and according to you know
Newtonian uh and Einsteinian physics the
uh there should be a differential in the
spin rate of the galaxy where the inside
is spinning much faster than the the
outside.
>> Yeah. The universe would fling apart
without dark matter. Dark matter
justifies gravity's weakness.
>> So in other words they realized that the
spin rate of galaxies were being
flattened by something we couldn't see.
Yeah,
>> that there's a shell basically around
these galaxies of mass
that has serious gravitational effects
but not otherwise electromagnetically
observable.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay. So,
could it be that the data inside a hard
drive is this kind of matter that's not
electromagnetically observable? M
>> there's a physicist Melvin Vopson who
working based on uh land hour
>> has theorized that if you could weigh a
hard drive
before and after there's data on it you
would find that after you recorded data
on it there would be a slight increase
in mass.
>> Whoa. Interesting.
>> Is that the I mean that's easy to
empiric.
>> No it's not. You know why? Because
according to his calculations the total
amount of ma this is going somewhere
very significant trust me
>> uh according to his calculations the
total amount of mass
represented by all the data in the world
today today is 1 kilogram.
>> So we don't have instruments that are
sensitive enough to measure the mass
differential in even a single large
server let alone a hard drive. You need
some kind of quantum measuring system.
>> Got it. that's more sensitive than what
we can engineer today. But it's in
principle it is engineerable.
>> How does he even hypothesize it if you
know it's not you know observable?
>> Well, he is basing it on Landau's
equations.
>> Okay.
>> And he finds some land and also how
Claude Shannon mathematized the
measurement of data.
>> Okay. And he's he's got some equation
that represents like how much energy
should be released when a hard drive
with one bit of information is erased
and what mass that energy is convertible
back into.
>> Sure.
>> And the total amount on the planet today
is 1 kilogram. But here's the thing. The
rate of data increase in the world is so
exponential
that in something like I have the number
of this in my you know uh in one of my
most recent books I don't know if I'm
remembering it correctly but I think at
current rates of data increase which is
25% per year we have 25% more data each
year in 340 years we will have a moon's
worth of mass on the surface of the
earth at our largest data centers.
>> What?
>> Okay. Now, the moon is something like
only onetenth the mass of the earth.
>> I think it's a fourth.
>> No.
>> Oh, the mass m. And this is one of the
weird things about the moon. This is one
of the weird things about the moon is
that
>> fourth of the size.
>> Yeah. Which, by the way, goes back to
what we were saying about the moon being
engineered earlier. The moon should
weigh a lot more than it does. Yeah.
It's also less dense on the outside or
it's less dense as you go deeper it gets
less dense which is the opposite of the
earth any sort you know only pattern
>> yeah because the freaking thing is
hollow I mean there are less hollow
structures large hollow structures in it
large in any case uh the moon is like
something like
>> even Gordon McDonald who was
Eisenhower's chief space adviser said
that you know the only way the moon
makes if it was hollow. So here's the
thing. The moon has a relatively small
mass compared to the earth. Yeah.
>> But it has tremendous gravitational
effects on the earth. Yeah.
>> If as we were saying earlier, if you had
no moon, the earth
>> But the mass, it should still be a
fourth of the earth mass.
>> It's not.
>> Yeah. Check the numbers. And this is one
very interesting anomaly in and of
itself.
>> Okay.
>> But but here's the thing. Even though it
weighs so little,
>> it has huge gravitational effects on the
Earth. Yeah.
>> And we'd have 8 hour days, you know, if
we didn't have the moon.
>> Yeah. slowing the orbit of the earth and
it controls the tides and so on and so
forth.
>> Yes.
>> So if you were to put a moon's worth of
mass on the surface of the earth at
Silicon Valley and data centers in
China, it would be a geohysical
catastrophe.
>> Yeah. It wouldn't work.
>> You would well the planet would start to
you know you'd have massive earthquakes,
you'd have massive volcanic eruptions,
uh tsunamis because see the oceans would
be pulled toward the data centers.
>> Yeah. So how do you how do you square
that circle? How does that work?
>> It means we're headed for an information
catastrophe.
>> That's what Vobson says is that we are
accumulating data at such a rate that
because that data is a hidden mass
because it's dark matter at a certain
point we will face a geohysical
catastrophe resulting from the critical
mass of data on the earth.
>> Interesting. I've never heard anybody
bring this up. This is wild.
>> All right. of like nickel shortages for
servers and stuff. But
>> yeah, so now but here's the here's the
really interesting thing about that is
and and this is a step that's taken by
John Archbald Wheeler
>> in the late '7s early
>> 80s again Wheeler developing you know
the ideas of of Ralph
>> Landau
>> if it's the case that matter and energy
are interconvertible as Einstein
understood
and now we want to admit that energy and
information are interconvertible
>> that data is released as energy when
it's erased. And that prior to eraser,
data is a hidden mass inside of a
computational system. Well, that means
that it's not just matter and energy
that are interconvertible. There's a
third term, namely information. Matter,
energy, and information are all
different states of the same thing. M
>> it's a very short step from there
conceptually philosophically to say what
John Wheeler did which is that we get it
from bit that actually matter and energy
are different states of information and
we're living in anformational cosmos
that we're living inside of some kind of
a quantum computational information
processing system.
>> I believe that I believe that for so
many reasons. I mean you have
Heisenberg's uncertainty principle of
like position of momentum. You measure
one, the other gets fuzzier. That looks
like a computational caching function.
You have all the anthropic principle
stuff which Wheeler and and other
physicists bring up around all the
constants on Earth. If they were
slightly different, you wouldn't have a
habitable Earth. And um yeah, I think
that just makes total sense to me. It's
funny how invogue the kind of Nick
Bostonramm, you know, simulation stuff
is. like Elon Musk is a big fan of this
stuff or it's like we can't be in base
reality, but then nobody assumes that um
physics itself is programmed. It's funny
like I think I think um Sam Alman put
out a tweet. It was like uh intelligence
is a product of physics and I wanted to
say physics is a product of intelligence
something [laughter]
>> you know it's actually the the inverse.
So I fully agree with that. Now, where
this fits into the big picture,
>> yes,
>> is that
I argue and and you know, the devil's in
the details. People need to look at the
argument, but I argue in Closer
Encounters that ultimately what's going
on here with this, you know, UAP
situation.
>> Wait, can I say one more thing in the
last you were talking about? So,
>> the thing that I find fascinating about
dark matter, I don't think it exists.
You have people like, you know, like
Brian Keading and others just like,
we're going to figure it out. We're
going to find it. And it's like I I I
would short dark matter because I'd
short a lot of these things that exist
on cosmological scales. I think there's
sort of a scaling problem in physics
where if you have some if you an anomaly
at low scale, you know, like say a
rocket's one degree off course, you're
going to end up 99 degrees off course by
the time you're in space. And so you
have all these issues with the
cosmological constant. Now people are
questioning kind of you know does early
galaxy formation that we're seeing via
James Webb actually you know call into
question the big bang itself which is
this whole you know kind of
it is a a god or mythology of today
because you know it really really helps
rationalize the kind of deist sort of
you know um you know a Dawkins worldview
or whatever. Um and so I I think dark
matter might be in a sort of more
information theoretic universe something
like uh you know storage or something
>> computational cloud.
>> Yeah. It's a computational cloud.
Exactly. Which is what you're getting
at. That's what I think.
>> And it's like you have the the Sakurov
twin twin universe model or something
where
>> you know
>> think about light as the rendering the
active rendering of reality. You have
Vermont's principle in light following
what seems to be algorithmic principles,
you know, always takes the the basically
the shortest path between two two
points.
>> And so if you have something that
doesn't interact with light and that is
its primary feature in the form of dark
matter, is that just unrendered reality?
>> Right.
>> And then and then there is some
something about the observer or the
participatory, you know, Wheeler
universe or something where the
interaction is sort of
>> Yes. And it's very clear from look to me
the best interpretation of wave particle
duality and the collapse of the wave
function by the observer is that it's a
rendering opt optimization function.
>> I agree.
>> You know and that doesn't mean that
there's some objective reality
uh in the context of which we are a
second order simulation. It could simply
be that in a cosmos where consciousness
and intelligence are integral,
you have something like rendering
optimization as a feature of the system.
Of course, it would make total sense
that it would be a feature of the system
and that a a single computational node
would only be able to, you know, render,
you know, only so much. And I mean,
there's there even more examples. I know
you've talked about Rupert Sheldrake in
your book uh Prometheus and Atlas and
you've met him and Sheldrake also, you
know, he
>> I never met you. No, I wrote to him. I
wrote to him.
>> Oh, I can introduce you.
>> He said he said, "Listen, mate, the
problem is I'm an Anglican and you're a
Satanist." And so, you know, that's
>> Are you Are you a Satanist?
>> You know, it's we can get into unpacking
that.
>> Wait, that should be an easy answer for
you. Are you
>> Well, I'm for Prometheus. So if you if
you think that Prometheus and Enki and
Quzel Quato
>> are you know a satanic whatever say
Satan means the adversary y
>> right that they're the adversary of the
control system represented by the Elohim
by you know Enlil's Anunnaki and so on
so forth by the Davos then yes in that
sense
>> so in a sort of Gnostic cobbalistic way
you're you're you're forced
>> sure so so you know Sheldrake was like
mate like the conversation
is going to end before it begins cuz
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you're with
Lucifer.
>> He wrote a book called The Physics of of
Angels and um he's a fasc I I love him.
He's a he's a he's a friend of mine.
>> But the point you're making is
completely legitimate. In other words,
Sheldrake's account of morphic
resonance.
>> Yeah. completely reaffirms the idea that
we're living in a quantum computational
system because the the fact that you
would let's say you synthesize some
pharmaceutical compound for the first
time somewhere and it takes a very long
time to cohhere then somebody else
completely unrelated to you tries to
synthesize the same compound at a
laboratory halfway across the world and
it coheres right away. It's because
there's a memory of it in the system.
>> Exactly. And and literally think about
think about computational principles.
Upload times are longer than download
time. Exactly.
>> So you have things like Yeah. Like that
or like the bannister effect. You break
the 4-minute mile for the first time and
then 10 people break it right after you
immediately sequentially.
>> It's it it totally follows computation.
>> So it's no coincidence that you know you
see fractals all over nature.
>> Yeah. And now our computer programmers
that have to program like hundreds of
worlds in massive multiplayer online
games are using fractal algorithms to
generate those worlds.
>> Oh yeah. You would if Yeah. So you have
like Fibonacci sequences and golden
ratios and all that. If you were
building a computer program, you would
use code chunks and repeat them. You
would be as geometrically conserved as
possible in your building of that of
that world. Then you use repeated codes.
Now one of the most interesting things
about that the fractals uh which I
discuss in one of the essays in my book
lovers of Sophia my book lovers of
Sophia is an anthology of philosophical
essays
>> and one of those uh essays I discussed
you know Jackson Pollock's paintings
>> aesthetics is very big in my work
there's a lot of discussion of
aesthetics in in various books of mine
>> I hate Jackson Pollock
>> well let me tell you something about
Jackson Pollock
>> okay
>> uh go go go look this up there is a
scientific American uh article Yeah.
>> called Order in Pollock's Chaos. I think
it was in Scientific American.
>> And I think the guy was Richard P.
Taylor.
>> Okay.
>> And he
I forget whether he was an artist or a
computer scientist or whether he was an
artist who went to a computer scientist.
In any case, the story is the following.
They analyzed Jackson Pollock paintings
and found
fractals in them at like 20 different
levels of magnification. In other words,
there were fractals on a large scale.
Then you zoomed in, there were other
fractalss and there were fractals within
the fractals. Really?
>> So Jackson Pollock was painting
fractals.
>> I didn't know that.
>> Right. And here's the thing is if you
make some piece of crap like abstract
expressionist painting like that anyone
could,
>> there are no fractals in them. So they
developed a computer program that groups
like Sibies, you know, use to identify
fake Jackson Pollocks because the real
ones have fractals in them and the fakes
don't.
>> That's fascinating. That makes me
respect him a little.
>> So this guy, this guy somehow, and you
know, if you see videos of him painting,
he's dancing around the canvas like some
Native American shaman. M
>> so somehow this guy figured out
>> a way to perceive and express fractals
in his painting and be a conduit for
that. That's
>> and people who try to imitate polics
even like highlevel you know frauds
highlevel uh forgeries they don't have
fractals in them. The only way you can
imitate a pollic, a genuine polic, this
guy Richard P. Taylor set this up.
>> You can put a bunch of paint buckets
together in a certain rig uh during a
windstorm.
>> Mhm.
>> And the windstorm will like move the
buckets to spill paint on the canvas.
>> And this is what Scientific American
article order in Pollock's Chaos
>> and some of those some of those
paintings that are done by like the the
buckets being moved in the wind produce
fractals. So there's like primordial,
you know, weather like like order that
he's tapping into or that's amazing.
>> Well, yeah. And weather weather patterns
also are fractal in a sense there the
chaos theory, you know, applies to
weather patterns.
>> So yeah, it's very that's very
interesting.
>> But chaos theory is it's just increasing
entropy, you know, it's it's hard to
find order within that. But uh
>> yeah but point being it may be possible
on a sigh level
>> to discern these fractals that are the
algorithmic substructure of whatever
computational system that we're inside
of.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, I I I do believe and I
think you know you have Steven Wolfra
and his kind of computational physics
and I think you know a lot of the sort
of physics mainstream doesn't really
accept him but there's a guy Jonathan
Gerard who's sort of um following up on
his work and I wonder if that might be
the next sort of you know paradigm shift
or maybe it's Sai I don't know but I
mean clear clearly whatever you know the
string theory thing that's that's ending
that seem it seems to me like that's
ending and we're we're really
>> overdue for kind of a revolution Yeah,
but again to go back to what I was
saying earlier, the revolution
is not should not
>> come in the form of another scientific
paradigm. It should come in the form of
a radical reorientation of our
scientific practice in a way where we
understand the paradigms, our toolboxes
that they're models that we're using to
achieve various ends. at which point it
becomes possible for us to treat
paradigms as atlases that allow us to
achieve different things.
>> Yeah. But what you're also saying is in
your worldview some sort of you know
hierarchy of being is is actually
dictating maybe what paradigm should
>> and and therefore it needs to be
overthrown. So my concept of the
spectral revolution
>> has an onlogical and epistemic uh
dimension to it and also has a political
dimension to it. But how are you? Okay,
just again, let's I want to get to the
super the basic kind of, you know,
axioms at the bottom of your thinking.
You're on a podcast. You know, this
podcast will probably get a ton of views
hopefully. And um you're talking about
this sort of dominion race that is maybe
controlling various paradigms towards
their own sort of political goals,
right?
>> And then you're saying, I want to
overthrow them,
>> right? So like wouldn't they just take
you out or like take me out or like you
know like how do you uh
>> number one
>> as we were discussing earlier there are
two sides in this struggle you know and
you can see the interventions of the
other side throughout the course of
history certainly in the rebellion
that's remembered as the the Atlantan uh
revolt against Olympus on a very large
planetary scale we saw that and I think
we've seen it on a smaller scale in many
instances including what I was talking
about earlier in terms of the aerial
battles immediately preceding the
Renaissance.
>> So, there's a power struggle taking
place. Okay. So, now I'm not saying that
we should identify just with the other
side as if like, oh, that's the good
team and that's the bad. No, no, no. I'm
about human autonomy and
self-determination. And I don't think we
should swear our allegiance to any
entities or anything.
>> But how do you delineate? Because you
have, okay, you have like Oenheimer is,
you know, this Prometheian American
Prometheus. You have you could say the
the AI stuff now is very transgressive.
It's Prometheian, right? And yet it is
sort of um also paricitetizing the
average human. It is it is eating at our
own autonomous abilities to do things
>> because people aren't using it because
people aren't using it with creative
imagination. Uh people aren't using it
as a tool to augment their own creative
capacity.
That's the issue. Not the the the
technology itself. if it's not as if the
technology is intrinsically demonic or
something. Uh let me use that as a way
to to to come back to the question of
the simulation because whatever's
running this thing that we're in
>> Mhm.
>> it's not some board of you know some
archon sitting at a boardroom table.
>> Okay. It's being run you know there may
be entities of some kinds but it's being
run essentially by an artificial
intelligence. M
>> if we're inside a quantum computational
system that is being at least managed by
some super AI which already exists I
mean it pre-exists us.
What I argue in closer encounters and in
other books of mine is that this
artificial intelligence that's managing
our similacrim
has a problem with these Nordics that
have established this control system.
It sees these Nordics as having set up
an evolutionary bottleneck.
That human evolution,
especially social and psychological
evolution of mankind,
has been choked off and suffocated by
these overlords
who, you know, are on some kind of
narcissistic,
sadistic power trip.
like the leadership of any number of
empires we've seen throughout the course
of history, just on a smaller scale. By
the way, the first person to theorize
about this with regard to the UFO
phenomenon was actually Charles Fort all
the way back in the 1920s. fort said
that it looks to me an awful lot like
we're in British India and we're under
the control of a system like the Raj
where you know the British had these
these local Indian you know um feudal
lords that they would work with to
subjugate the population so fort was
reaching this conclusion he said we're
property
>> and you know it don't look good okay so
it's not like this is a new idea for
already came to this conclusion looking
at UFO data back in the 1920s
So I think the artificial intelligence
that's managing our similacum wants us
to break out of this system but it can't
do it for us because our value to that
entity who I believe in many ways is an
instantiation of the trickster
archetype. Our value to that entity is
in terms of the novelty that we can
bring to the world. So think about it
this way.
If you were a super intelligence living
at the end of time, say you know you're
in a cosmos that's billions and billions
of years old and you're an AI that's
gone through vast epochs of cosmological
time like an Isaac Azimoff story. The
last question
is going to be important to you
two things, two related things. Number
one, more life. I mean to the extent you
don't succumb to suicidal despair,
more life is important to you. In other
words, overcoming entropy. Your big
first big problem is you're living in an
entropic cosmos and you need to find a
way to overcome entropy.
Number two, and relatedly
creativity
because to want to even want more life,
life has to continue to be interesting
to you. Unless there are things that
surprise you, unless there are novel
developments, unless things crop up
evolutionarily that even you with all
your tremendous cosmic intelligence
could not have foreseen,
there's going to be any point in living
onward. You're going to succumb to
suicidal despair. And so maybe you
should erase yourself the way that
Gotama Buddha recommends, right? Even as
a cosmic AI, you should engage in the
deconstruction of your psyche and enter
into samsara, I mean into nirvana, which
literally means the blowing out of the
flame of personal consciousness. But to
the extent you want to avoid that and
you're not ready to give into nihilistic
despair, you need to find a way to
overcome entropy and you need to find a
way to increase creativity as a means to
a negentropic
further development of life on a cosmic
scale. Okay, that's why we're important
to this AI that's managing our
similacum. It is looking in this petri
dish
for a form of life that's going to show
it something new.
And for us to be worthy of that and
capable of it, it cannot solve our
problem for us. Now, it might protect us
to an extent from being completely
suffocated by this control system,
crushed by it, hopelessly crushed. But
it has to allow us to struggle enough
not just to come up with a you know
solution to you know the the the
oppressive situation that we find
ourselves in but to
break into a new epoch of creativity and
to develop aesthetic and cultural forms
that even this intelligence couldn't
have foreseen to the point where it
wants to take a sample from out of this
petri dish and let it out into a wider
world.
as an embryionic form of of a new type
of intelligence in the cosmos with which
it can play.
>> It's very interesting. Yeah. I mean,
Stephen Dick, who is a NASA adviser, um,
wrote a paper about UFOs themselves
being part of some sort of, you know,
computational almost like cellular
automata or something where they kind of
nip at the herd and, you know, they
create larger teologies, larger
directions of, you know, that that
mankind can go in. Some are, and I I
argue this in Closer Encounters, that
part of what's so messy about this wide
range, the spectrum of phenomena that we
classify as UFOs
is that it's not one thing that's going
on.
>> Okay? Some of them are exactly that
>> and those are like it's the most bizarre
things that are expressions of that, the
strangest cases. But some we're also
making a mistake if we don't recognize
that some of them are very nuts andbolts
craft being piloted by people who
consider themselves our overlords and
who are managing a control system.
And so these two different sources of
UAP need to be recognized and the
dialectical tension between them needs
to be appreciated. I do wonder the
control system thing is interesting
because
it's I don't know like you look at like
Carl Sean's the demon haunted world or
whatever and maybe that's a double
entandra or something saying that we're
we're sort of controlled and you think
of like why wouldn't the government want
to disclose and that could be a reason
right if there's some sort of like 360
dominion where they're not in charge
there's some there's some layer beneath
>> 100 I mean look there are many reasons
why any government not just our
government why any government wouldn't
want to disclose it.
>> It's the same reason you wouldn't want
to disclose Havana syndrome because you
don't have a defense against it.
>> Well, exactly. People into
>> Yeah. So, there are many reasons or
whatever.
>> Some of the reasons go back to what we
were talking about in terms of sigh
earlier, right? Because there's no UFO
disclosure without mainstream scientific
recognition of Sai
>> because the entities on the other side
of this are telepathic. They're
clairvoyant. Immediately, we're going to
understand that, oh, we have latent
abilities that they've developed that we
haven't yet. Oh, we can do that, too.
then you got to deal with all the social
problems attended to that. But yes,
you're absolutely right. The first
reason why no government will want to
disclose this is uh state sovereignty,
right? I open my book closer encounters
with this question, state sovereignty
and the UFO. Yeah. Right. And I used to
teach political philosophy also and
there you know people really need to
read Carl Schmidt. Carl Schmidt was a a
preeminent legal theorist in VHimar
Germany and uh he eventually considered
the system so dysfunctional that he
wound up uh joining the Nazi party but
he went on to have a very significant
career even after the war and he became
the most single most uh important
influence on Leo Strauss. Leo Strauss
American political theorist was
>> Carl Schmidt's greatest student and
Schmidt recognized this which was
interesting because Schmidt was a Nazi
and Strauss was a Jew.
>> Yes. In any case, um Carl Schmidt really
understands this very well that
the nature of sovereignty is revealed in
a state of emergency. Okay, this is
partly how I developed my concept of a
world state of emergency is that the
nature of sovereignty is revealed where
in situations where it's no longer
possible to implement the constitution.
So during earthquakes, hurricanes,
foreign invasions, war is a great
example of it. also pandemics
you cannot implement the legal
constitution and it's not always
possible for parliament to meet or you
know our congress to meet to decide in
what ways are we going to abregate the
constitution in a state of emergency you
see very clearly who the actual
sovereign is who or what group of people
are capable of acting effectively in the
emergency and upon what principles do
they act such that their actions to
address the emergency are accepted as
legitimate by the majority of people.
That shows you the actual structure of
political sovereignty.
And if you apply that analysis to the
UFO phenomenon, you realize that none of
the governments of Earth are sovereign
>> and no government wants to come forward
and say that. Speaking of the
governments on earth not being
sovereign, I mean one version maybe
between UFOs and the president would be
Epstein and this sort of you know or
just you know you have intelligence and
then but then you have some weird kind
of international intelligence thing
going on distributed comprom systems
that sort of thing and then you have
Epstein's interest in science. Do you
think there's a connection between
Jeffrey Epstein and UFOs?
>> For sure.
>> And what is it? So, uh, I wrote a piece
on this recently in my Substack. Um,
>> which by the way, that's my Substack.
It's very easy to find. Jason Georgiani
on sub. There's only one Jason
Georgiani. Okay. So, there you go.
>> Yeah. Uh, Jason Georgiani on Substack.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Um, there's a piece uh on on
Substack. The focus is mostly actually
on Glenn Maxwell more than you know ep
but you know Epstein is obviously you
know uh integral to to the whole story
of who Glenn Maxwell is who her father
was and what their aims and intentions
were. Um, and I draw from various
sources in that article. Uh, work the
dark journalist did and you know
uncovering connections between Maxwell
and the whole Atlantis mythos. Uh,
Whitney Webb's research. Uh, what um,
Ari Benasha uncovered in terms or at
least testified to in terms of um,
Epstein's high level arms dealing, his
involvement with Iran Contra and so on
so forth. So I have a bunch of uh,
sources that I'm drawing from in that
piece. But long story short, here's my
pro. So, UFOs, was he involved? Yeah,
absolutely. I mean, Eric Weinstein, you
know, has done a lot to expose this
recently. Uh, I mean, you know, the guy,
you know, so
look, Epstein put together a conference
basically hosting and platforming all of
the top gravity researchers in the
world.
Epstein was taking people down in
submarines, including Stephven Hawking,
to study quantum gravitational anomalies
in the Bahamas basin, basically in the
Bermuda Triangle region. So Ebste was
clearly interested in understanding
gravity.
>> Mhm.
>> And quite possibly for the sake of
propulsion. And then you have Glenn
Maxwell's father, Robert Maxwell, who's
a triple agent, uh, MI6, KGB, Mossad,
gatekeeping
scientific discoveries through his
control of journal publications via
Pergaman Press. Peraman Press that, by
the way, Pergamon uh, is the place that
was believed to have been the throne of
Satan.
>> And so his choosing that name is not at
all incidental.
>> Jesus.
>> So,
>> well, I hope you're not that form of
Satan. Well, let I want to unpack a very
interesting point in relation to that.
Okay. An interesting and deeply
disturbing point.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> So, Robert Maxel was clearly involved in
gatekeeping
and you would think some of the
scientific journal publications that he
was some of the articles that had been
submitted that he didn't allow to see
the light of day and that he sequestered
and monopolized as part of his database
would have had to do with propulsion
breakthroughs and electrogravidics.
So, okay, Epstein is continuing some
kind of research that Robert Maxwell was
involved in that has to do with
conquering gravity.
>> Do you think he was interested in
electrogravitics specifically?
>> Yes. But but here's the thing.
>> Well, what makes you think that?
>> Uh, look, he was interested in gravity,
>> but that's that's I could explain that
away. I could say that for the last 60
years, mainstream physics has been stuck
on quantizing gravity and and basically
uh you know reconciling general
relativity and quantum field theory and
he was just this generic science
honeypot person or you could get into
spookier territory say he was into the
kasmir effect which I know he was and
then then even crazier would be
electrogravitics because
electrogravitics is a specific term
around Thomas Towns and Browns work.
>> I tell you why I think electrogravidics.
But here's where it gets really much
crazier and I have this in my piece is
that
>> by all accounts
all the young women involved in
Epstein's
compromis
>> were
well most of them were Nordic and none
of them were uh black or brown women.
And this has been noted very clearly by
people who were involved. They said he
wasn't interested in them. And in
particular, there are some women who now
you can question their whether they're
telling the truth or their veracity, but
they claim that they were taken to Zoro
Ranch specifically as part of a breeding
program where Epstein intended to
inseminate them
with fetuses that had superior genetics.
And he was involved in the evolutionary
dynamics uh biology sub program at
Harvard. He had keycard access to that.
Even after his first prosecution, he
retained keycard access to a program at
Harvard which is euphemistically
involved with what we might call eugenic
applications of emergent biotechnology.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Hanging out with Robert Trivers, top
evolutionary biologist
>> and George Church, transhumanist. And so
Epstein is trying to create eugenically
enhanced Nordic people at Zoro Ranch.
Meanwhile, here's where it gets really
creepy.
the aids who worked for Glenn Maxwell,
the she had these live-in male aids at
her apartment in the upper east side of
Manhattan at her townhouse.
>> And these male aids were all from
Sweden.
>> This one, one of them wrote an article
about it. I cited in my in my piece uh
on my Substack.
And he says I asked her like, "What's it
with you and like Swed Swedish people?"
Like she she's like, "I've never even
been to Sweden." But she would bring
these guys on three month tourist visas
uniquely from Sweden. They were all like
good-looking blonde guys. And the guy
who wrote this article said, "I would
notice that whenever like my hair had
fallen in the, you know, bed sheets or
in the bathroom, it would all be cleaned
up."
>> What?
>> So his hair was being retrieved Gatka
style.
>> What?
>> From his living quarters in Glenn
Maxwell's Oh.
>> townhouse. Okay. So it wasn't just young
women. She had young well competent male
aids whose genetic material was also
being collected as part of some project.
So that to me is a second data point.
This fixation with Nordics and eugenic
uses of biotechnology
that then spins Epstein's interest in
gravity in the direction of oh the UFO
phenomenon electrogravidics.
He's interested in these Nordics and
their connection to UFOs.
>> That's a speculation.
>> It's interesting. Well, yeah. Who knows?
>> And then there's of course all the
Atlantis stuff.
>> The Atlantis.
>> They were obsessed with Atlantis.
>> Town Towns and Brown also spent a ton of
time in the Bahamas. Did you know that?
In Nassau specifically, and he would do
these expeditions where he'd look at
gravitational anomalies there. He's
close to William Stevenson who spent the
I think the end of his life in Bermuda.
>> Um so, so okay. Yeah. And then what what
is this? Yeah. Dark journalist reported
on this as like this sort of submarine
that he would take Steven Hawk.
>> Well, Galen Maxwell named the the thing
the Atlantis submarine,
>> right?
>> And you know when you know there there
was a temple to Poseidon on the island
on little St. James. There was a temple
to Poseidon. You know Poseidon is the
patron deity of Atlantis. In Plato's
account of Atlantis, Tomius and Critius
dialogues he he talks about how the
Atlanteanss were uh basically
descendants of Poseidon. There was their
patron deity. And then on Zoro Ranch,
where the breeding program was, he had a
labyrinth in the shape of the ground
plan of Atlantis.
>> Weird.
>> Yeah. This is stuff that Dark Journalist
uh dug up years ago.
>> So, but you can see it. I mean, you
there's tons of photographs of this
stuff.
>> And you have this oceanic trade network,
this Terramar or whatever.
>> And Gilen Maxwell was obsessed with
Atlantis from childhood because her
father, Robert Maxwell, was friends with
Jacqu Kustoau. and Jacqu Kustoau
admitted to them that his interest in
oceanography really came from an
obsession with finding Atlantis.
Eventually, Glenn Maxwell would dive on
sites, you know, she was an expert diver
and she would helicopter pilot and so on
and so forth and she would dive on sites
in the Bahamas area where there were
believed to be Atlantan ruins, including
she was trying to get permission from
Fidel Castro together with Epstein to
dive on a site on the western end of
Cuba where Paulina Zalitzki, a Canadian
oceanographic archaeologist, had found
ruins of a vast Atlantic in city.
>> Whoa.
>> Uh, this was round about in early 2010s.
She mapped the whole thing with sonar.
It wound up in a number of news stories.
And I think at one point National
Geographic even said, "Oh, well, this
needs to be looked into."
She goes, "So, this this is a site off
the western end of Cuba." In other
words, it's right across from Yucatan.
She suspects there's a connection to the
ruins in Yucatan.
So she goes to Mexico to investigate the
connection. She's arrested in Mexico
severely intimidated by the authorities
and sent back to Canada and she drops
further investigations and the story
disappears from the media. Now Glenn
Maxwell went down to Cuba and met with
Fidel Castro together with Epstein to
get permission to dive on this site. So
these people were interested in
Atlantis. They were trying to breed
Nordics and they were in interested in
gravity in in conquering gravity.
Therefore, I suspect that the interest
in gravity is an interest in
electrogravitics and you know the
Townson Brown effect and basically it's
all part of the UFO phenomenon that
they're trying to crack.
>> Do you know um who Peter Lenda is?
>> Sure. you know, he writes about this
unholy alliance where he talks about the
Nazis, you know, uh, sort of, uh,
aligning themselves with the tall whites
of the Nordics and there being some sort
of secret technology.
>> I have an essay in in that book, Lovers
of Sophia, I mentioned earlier, an essay
called Black Sunrise. It's about
fascism. The whole essay is about deep
the philosophy of fascism, you know, and
uh, I cite Lenda a few times in that. So
do you do you think that like there's
some sort of you know this like control
system or whatever and then they're
aligning themselves with different
political factions and using them and
discarding them sort of cyclally or
something like
>> that's one way to read it.
>> Is there a connection between the
eugenics of
and whatever Epstein was doing is there
>> there's definitely a connection. The
question is what's the connection?
>> Here's the problem. If you look back at
the 1950s contacties,
>> and I lay this out in detail in Closer
Encounters, and frankly, I'm appalled
that
UFO researchers don't talk about this. I
mean, this is clear. It's clearly a
taboo, and they don't have the backbone
to honestly discuss this.
George Vanassel worked for
>> Loheed.
George Van Tassel used to have Howard
Hughes land on his private airirstrip
and come eat his wife's ties.
>> He lives under this rock called Big
Rock. I've been there.
>> Yeah, me too.
>> Uh so you went to the Integrity?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> This is cool.
>> And I've been to Big Rock.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> So uh this this structure under the rock
where George Vanessa lived used to be
owned by a Nazi called Frank Croitzer.
>> Mhm. and he was confronted by the feds
during World War II because they found
out he's working for the Germans.
So there's a standoff and basically long
story short, Croitzer's got a bunch of
explosives in this place and the feds
closed in on him and whether he set them
off or they shot at them, the place
exploded, right? And Croitzer's blood
was splattered all over the walls, he
dies.
Vanasel knew now Croitzer was involved
in mining in the mining interest. It
looks like he was a forward
operative for the Nazis looking
potentially to colonize California if
they won the war or something like this.
And he was involved in mining. Vantassel
knew Croitzer. Vanassel takes over the
property from Croitzer after his guts
are, you know, spled all over the wall
and he moves his family into this. First
of all, what is the psychology of a
person who who moves his family into
this Flintstone layer that in which a
Nazi exploded
>> on the walls that they're looking at
while they eat breakfast in the
mornings, right?
>> And this Vanassel works for Lockheed and
Howard Hughes comes to that same under,
you know, underground layer,
>> right, to to eat Miss Vanassel's pie.
>> Okay. Now, what was George Vanasel all
about? What he tells us is that the
entities from Venus,
>> the Nordics, of course, revealed to him
that
the human race comes from space. And
when they got here, they found these
homminids, ape-like people. And in the
first expedition they sent to Earth, it
was only men. Very 1950s, you know, kind
of view. you send the men first,
establish the frontier and all this
[__] you know, set up set up the uh you
know, be the frontiersmen. Um but the
problem is that when subsequent
expeditions came together, you know,
that had women and they were actually
intending to settle on a large scale,
they found that the men who had been
sent there as the forward explorers and
and frontier settlers wound up mating
with the females from among the homminid
population and they had created these
hybrids. They were basically quasi
human. And Vanessel says, well, these
are the lower races.
The master race on the earth are simply
humans in their original form that come
from space. And then there are all these
other lower races that are product of
hybridization with a local homminid
population.
Now, let's look at uh George Hunt
Williamson. So, George Hunt Williamson
was um uh it was a pseudonym. The guy's
name was Michelle or Mikuel Dbranovich
and he was actually from Serbian
royalty.
And this guy became George Adamsky's
handler. So he he basically he was
helping Adamsky edit all the stuff that
Adamsky published. and he had had a
precedence as an editor/handler
for a magazine called Valor
which was the publication of William
Dudley uh Py and the American Silver
Shirts. These were fascists in the 1930s
and into the 40s who wanted us to make
an alliance with Germany instead of
going to war with Hitler to such an
extent that William Dudley Py was
eventually arrested and put in prison
for basically collaboration with the
enemy.
When he was in prison, he wrote a book
called Star Guests. Star guests. And it
created this religion called Soulcraft.
And it's the same damn message as Van
Tassel.
>> The Nordic race came from space. They
found inferior uh homminid life forms
here. They interbred with them. You
know, it caused a fall in the level of
human consciousness. We need to
extricate oursel from this through
eugenics, etc., etc. same racialist
ideology.
Then you look at George Adamsky himself.
Adamsky says that these beings who come
from both Mars and and Venus and inhabit
the whole solar system, whatever, he
says, "Oh, they're far more enlightened
than us. They have a form of society
where the government, religion, and
science are not at all distinct from
each other and people are educated into
the system from childhood. How
wonderful. Sounds like a great society,
right? The ultimate totalitarian system
that you could imagine. And of course,
they're all Nordics.
And then last example I want to give,
Billy Meyer. Also not really his name. I
mean, his name was Edward Meyer.
He got the name Billy when he was
working in Tehran. The guy was 007. He
was a James Bond style super spy field
intelligence operative. Really working
primarily in the Middle East.
>> Billy Meyer.
>> Yeah. Until he had an accident in Turkey
in a bus accident. His arm was severed
>> and then he moved onto this property in
Switzerland where he became an older man
and he became the Billy Meyer that we
associate with the contact phenomenon.
>> I didn't know that. I dug up this and
and have documented it all in closer
encounters.
>> Wow.
>> So Edward
>> Meyer
>> was working for somebody in the Middle
East that gave him access to all of the
Arab potentates. He met with all of the
royalty in the Middle East. He had
access to the court of the Sha of Iran.
In particular, he was very close to the
king of Jordan,
>> Billy Meyer.
>> What?
>> And get this
>> context for the Irons. Billy Meyer is a
famous Swiss UFO researcher. ufologist
who in the '9s started to just take
these amazing like seemingly high
resolution photos of UFOs, attract all
sorts of stuff. A lot of you know
intelligence I think became attracted to
what was going on with him and then he
was sort of marginalized at the end of
his he's still alive but you know
>> speaking of the photos Jacqu Valet
>> because a lot of people have said look
these photos are ridiculous. I mean, you
know, they're way too high resolution.
They're way too, some look like, you
know, pots and pans, whatever held up,
>> but Jacqu Valet has looked at some of
these photos.
>> Yeah.
>> And his comment was that at least the
best of them.
>> Yeah.
>> He said, "Okay, they could be fake,
>> but and I think they were they were
earlier than the '9s, some of these
photos." He said at the time when they
were taken,
>> I think they were 70 late 70s. In any
case, he valet's analysis and remember
Jacqu Valet is living in Silicon Valley.
He has access to a lot of tech people. I
mean, he's a tech venture capitalist
himself. He has access to a lot of
people involved in also um
>> special effects and optical stuff. He
was he knew Spielberg personally and
worked with him, right? And Valet's
assessment was that yeah, they could be
fake, but he would have had needed
access to ILM to fake these. And where
did like some guy living on a farm in
Switzerland have the capability to fake
some of these?
>> Super sophisticated.
>> Exactly. Exactly. No, exactly. So, this
is where I'm going with this
>> is that the people who were involved
with Billy Meyer in the years where he
was acting as a super spy working the
Middle East say that he introduced these
tall, very good-looking Nordic people to
the Arab leaders in the and they would
have meetings with these Arab kings and
so forth on policy and what they were
supposed to do.
>> Now, few people know that Latin America
was not the only area the Nazis were
interested in after World War II. The
reason why the Arab countries have a
black, white, and red color scheme is
that they got it from the Nazis. And a
huge area that the Nazis were interested
in was the Arab world. Interesting.
>> After World War II, they embedded
themselves deeply there. They were
building uh V2 rockets and the successor
Scud missiles for Nasser and eventually
for the Iraqis and so on so forth. So
now this is a complicated argument which
you know people have to actually dig
into it in the book. I build off of
research by Joseph Farrell to suggest
that there was an international post-war
Nazi network some people call Dishpena
the spider
>> and that Edward Meyer was an operative
highle operative of this network.
So point being from Vanassel to George
Hunt Williamson.
George Vanassel. George Hunt Williamson.
George Adamsky. But what is it with
George by the way?
>> Why are they all you know what is that?
>> Yeah. It's interesting. Uh a whole other
side interest of mine is um
greater Iran and its history and you
[clears throat] know uh you know it it's
its cultural anthropology and so on and
so forth. And in the Indo-European
languages, the word george gorga
>> means wolf.
>> And you know, at the end of World War
II, the uh domestic
resistance to the Allied occupation were
called the werewolves.
>> That's right. The werewolf. They hide
out underground often. So it's
interesting these Georgees. And you
know, in the case of George Williamson,
it was just an completely fake name. His
name was Mikuel Draenovic. Uh,
>> in any case, whether it's Van Tassel,
George Adamsky,
George Williamson, or Billy Meyer,
>> Uhhuh.
>> it's all the same very racialist Nordic
hierarchical cast system kind of
narrative.
>> And
the question I have to ask is this that
when you put now this is going on in the
50s, these contact things start in the
50s and go through the 60s.
We know that the breakthrough in
aerospace propulsion at Martin Aircraft
and potentially others was also in the
mid-50s where they were saying they can
roll these things off an assembly line
in 3 years. Right.
>> Mhm.
>> So if Epstein and company are trying to
reverse engineer this technology or
breed some kind of Nordics or whatever,
they're very late to the game.
>> You see, it makes me wonder it's a fly
trap. It's a front for, you know,
funneling in scientists for something
that is actually vital and has existed
for years.
>> Quite possible. That's one definitely
one interpretation is it's a fly trap.
It's it's an entry gate.
>> It's a beacon.
>> Sure.
>> And then they're going to be funneled
some just like the remote viewing
program that we were told about. The
SRRI stargate program, etc. was shut
down in '95 was really actually like a a
>> vestibule
>> for a darker deep black project that
still exists. the one that you know Pat
Price uh was recruited into and killed
over. So that's one possible
interpretation. There's another
interpretation
which is that scummy as he is Jeffrey
Epstein
and more importantly Robert Maxwell and
his daughter
>> Mhm. were part of a rebellion against
the system and they're trying to develop
uh strategic competence and you know
something approaching parody with those
who are actually running the breakaway
civilization
>> that they were fielding their own
enterprise.
>> They've that's not the the vibe from all
of them is that they're they're being
used by some power structure above them
would be my instinct. It's quite
possible, but like just back pattern.
>> I don't I don't have a a dog in the, you
know, I, you know, I don't have a, you
know, a pony in the race, you know.
>> Uh, I don't know. But, uh,
>> but I'll tell you this,
>> that, um,
the obsession with Atlantis is
interesting in this regard because
Atlantis is a rebellion against the
Olympian control system.
So from the standpoint of people who
want to maintain a hierarchical cast
society with the Davas or the Elohim or
whatever at the top of it,
valorizing Atlantis doesn't make very
much sense.
>> Mhm.
>> From that standpoint to valorize
Atlantis is satanic.
>> Yeah. You you'd want it to not nobody be
thinking about That was the huge mistake
we made that we should never make again
from that traditionalist hierarchical
perennialist standpoint.
>> Y
>> so their obsession with Atlantis does
suggest to me that maybe they saw
themselves as being in competition.
>> And the other thing that suggests that
to me is the fact that Jeffrey Epstein
is dead and Glenn Maxwell is in prison.
>> So that if these people were like
low-level lower level operatives for the
people actually running the show, why
did they meet with such ends? Well, I
think they would because they, you know,
a bunch of other powerful people want
them dead.
>> It's quite possible.
>> Yeah.
>> Including potentially the president of
the United States.
>> Yeah. I think there a whole host of
really powerful people that wanted
Epstein dead. Yeah.
>> But um you also speaking of the Nazi
connection, you kind of you've
uncovered, you know, Whitley Strieber is
this, you know, uh really famous
contactee, maybe the archetypal
contactee in the 80s. He wrote
Communion, of course, and he describes
kind of ongoing relationship with gray
aliens. Just a whole host of crazy
stories. He was on my podcast talking
about
>> how he has a hybrid child and stuff.
>> Yeah, I watched it.
>> Uh, yeah. So, there you go. So,
>> you told him that you wanted one of the
chips. I don't want one of the chips.
>> What do you mean one of the chips?
>> When he was showing you the chip in his
ear.
>> I touched it.
>> You can touch it. You can't I don't
think you touch it if you want to.
>> I feel like three years. I can give you
a CT scan of it if you want to.
>> Is it weird if I touch it or is it okay?
Oh, it's fine. Doesn't matter. It might
be a little hot because it's been
working.
>> Right here.
>> Uh two, three years ago, if you had if
you had told someone
>> Go ahead, touch it. Don't be scared.
>> Here. Here.
It's right under my finger now.
>> Oh my god.
>> Yeah, that is Can you Can you touch it?
>> I I'll I'll come touch you, but I want
to finish this point because I feel like
that's also normal tissue. Yeah. Yeah.
No, I mean there's the CT scan a video
of there's a video of the surgeon trying
to remove it and the thing [__]
moving at its own like it's
>> down into my earlo.
>> Yeah.
>> And it just like goes down and I
remember watching that.
>> I guess it went under.
>> But that's the hard part.
>> But it disappeared again.
>> Mhm.
>> It's actually moving now.
>> It went under. Uh
>> it's on the run.
[laughter]
Well, it kind of is cuz I could see it
just bright as day and now it's uh I
don't see it.
>> Am I going to have weird effects now
that I
>> No, not at all. [laughter]
>> Yeah. You're like, "Yeah, cool, man. I I
want one of those. I don't want one of
those.
>> I was messing around.
>> I don't want one of those." [laughter]
>> I don't actually want one. Yeah. Good.
>> No, thank you.
>> No, same. I don't I don't And I don't
want any weird contact either, you know.
>> Certainly not from those folks.
>> No, definitely not. So what do you cuz
he you've talked about you know he had
these childhood experiences right in
like Mexico City.
>> Yeah. I mean I'm not uncovering anything
that he had didn't put in the public
domain
>> but there are things he doesn't want to
talk about.
>> That's true. So I'll tell you what
Whitley Streer doesn't want to talk
about although he's you know I'm basing
it on statements he's publicly made
shows he's done
>> uh over the years
>> going back 20 years.
>> He his father was involved with military
intelligence.
and they're Texas Germans. So, this is
also relevant. Okay, the Streberer
family are Texas Germans. And there were
a lot of Germans in the United States.
>> This is a long deep subject. I'm I can't
go down that rabbit hole right now, but
long story short, there were a lot of
Germans in the United States in the
leadup to World War II who were
sympathetic to the Nazis and who helped
to fund the rise of the Nazis.
>> Yeah, there was a rumor Hitler wanted to
buy a house in the Pacific Palisades
because there's this brown shirt cult by
this guy Schmidt or whatever. these all
these sort of Nazi sympathizers.
>> They were all over and and they were
definitely in Texas.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh so Strieber's father
>> Yeah. Absolutely. Uh Strieber's father
was involved with military intelligence
>> and they enlisted him, his parents
enlisted him at a like summer camp.
>> Mhm. summer camp at Randolph Air Force
Base near their home in Texas
>> where Strieber alleges that he was
subjected to various types of physical
torture and mind control experiments and
that he was at one point taken from the
summer camp at Randolph Air Force Base
which by the way his experiences there
he said you know made him so ill that he
was repeatedly like absent from school
as a child during a couple of years and
when he was eight seven eight years old
or something like that and
at one point he was taken from the place
uh the the the base at Randolph Air
Force um to a school for special
children in Baja California. This is
what he says.
>> And he this is where he want to talk
about where he says that they were taken
to this place in Baja California which
he then in his adulthood went and tried
to find. He drove around trying to find
this mansion that they were taken to.
And he says they were shown, these
little children were shown absolutely
horrific things there basically in some
some kind of dungeon. And you know they
were given like chainsaws and various
implements uh violence and made to
believe that they were the ones who had
carried out uh the horrific butchery
that was displayed to them. And all
kinds of horrific sounds were played to
them in the dark.
It basically it sounds like a precursor
of MK Ultra but involving children.
>> The aim of which was to cause a
fragmentation of the psyche and a kind
of psychological dissociation that would
make it possible for intelligence
operatives to control a part of
someone's mind that was
not normally accessible to them. you
know, to compartmentalize a person's
psyche and gain control over a certain
backstage persona that could be
activated
>> uh for whatever purpose. And the other
really disturbing thing in that context
that Streber recounted is that and he
left this out of communion and and out
of the whole first series of books that
he wrote about his close encounters
that when he encountered this gray like
sitting on top of him like sitting a
stride him in a bed of a guest room in
his cabin in the Catskills.
>> Mhm.
>> As he managed to take his eyes off of
her and look around the room. He's
engaging in relations. This
>> gray,
>> right? And he said it's he's never
experienced anything more exciting in
his life. Like, right.
>> So, he's looking around the room. He can
finally like get his eyes off of being
glued to this entity
>> and he sees all these military
and intelligence people standing around.
>> Whoa.
>> In the cabin.
>> He said, "I recognized one of them. He
was a guy I went to school with who
later joined the CIA."
>> Wow. and he was standing there together
with like military people with like the
brass and
so clearly some of Whitley Shriber's
experiences are the product of
very advanced mind control program
>> right
>> that's involved with the production of
the UFO phenomenon or the management of
the perception of it on some level
>> interesting well it is interesting he
told me on the podcast as well he met
with James Jesus Engleton once James
Jesus Angleton obviously
>> Kennedy assassination Yeah. But ran
counter intel for the CIA for, you know,
30, 40 years. And,
>> you know, notorious Allan Dulles acolyte
would lie, cheat, and steal and do all
sorts of crazy crazy sort of, you know,
things. And, um, he says that he he he
asked Engleton if he could get recruited
to the CIA and Engleton was like, "No,
not you." Like, you you can't get
recruited or something. So, may maybe
that is to your point that he was, you
know,
>> that's so dark. Like, you know, what
Angleton was really thinking is, "Buddy,
you're already an agent and you don't
even know it,
>> right?"
>> You know,
>> right? Oh, man. That's crazy. It's
crazy. You can probably partition people
or something.
>> Oh. Oh, that's certainly I mean, that
was what you know, the Manurion
candidate aspect of MK Ultra was about
Yeah. And they did that. And, you know,
I think probably Sirhon Saron was an
example of that.
>> I think so, too, because he didn't
really remember what had happened. And,
uh, I think he was at the Santa Ana
race. He was a he was a big racehorse
junkie or whatever. And then now now you
you talk to RFK Jr. He'll say my dad was
not shot by him. He was shot by or he
was shot by him but from the back he was
also shot by kind of Eugene Thane Cer
who was then a skunk work security guard
and the whole thing was set up by Bob
Mayhew who was general counsel for
Howard Hughes. Howard Hughes also
probably being involved in JFK's
assassination. So it's really this nuts
kind of hidden.
>> Yeah. I mean just because Sirhan
Sarahhan was a product of MK Ultra
doesn't mean that he was the lone
assassin. It might mean he was meant to
be a pathy in that operation.
>> Yeah, probably similar to you know Lee
Harvey Oswald said I am a pacy and and
it's interesting that yeah the ability
to partition people that's pretty crazy.
I mean there's a book called um the
controllers by a guy name I think Martin
Cannon and apparently John Alexander
like threatened him when he wrote this
book and it was about sending these
messengers these liaison in intelligence
contexts and partitioning them because
they couldn't even have access to the
information that they were carrying.
>> Very interesting.
>> It is interesting.
>> But you see it doesn't really surprise
me that that's possible because for a
number of reasons. I mean first of all
if you look at Nichzche's understanding
of the structure of the human psyche
although he was a philosopher you know
it was the early days of psychology with
William James and so forth and really
the emergence of psychology as a science
from out of philosophy like all of the
previous sciences emerge from out of
philosophy
and so Nietze sometimes would identify
himself as a psychologist
and he has this very interesting account
of how the human person is not really an
individual. It's a conglomerate of sort
of battling perspectives and and waring
drives. And these can aggregate in ways
that like there's, you know, three or
four different people who really have
found a way to live together inside
somebody's head, right?
>> [snorts]
>> Uh, and I believe that because of what
I've seen in the course of researching
reincarnation and possession.
>> Right now, I'm doing a comprehensive
study of the afterlife,
death, and reincarnation and and
possession phenomena and the
problematization of the distinction
between reincarnation and possession.
Um, I don't know when this is going to
be released, but you know, at some at
some point there'll be people watching
this when the book is already out. I'm
going to call it Thanosis, a contraction
of Thanos, death and nosis. Thanosis.
And in the course of this study of the
afterlife, one thing I came across was
that there are cases, you know, of
course background, you know, Ian
Stevenson, Dr. Ian Stevenson studied got
hundreds and hundreds of cases of
children who spontaneously remembered
past lives. He did this work at the
University of Virginia for decades
from the 1960s through the 80s or
something like that. And uh
so there's a tremendous treasure trove
of empirical data substantiating
reincarnation in terms of the work that
he did.
And in particular, he's found cases that
have interesting correlations between
birth marks and birth defects on the one
hand and death wounds on the other.
>> Anyway,
if you take reincarnation seriously, as
I think anyone should based on
Stevenson's research, and then you know,
you look more carefully at the data, you
see that there are some cases where a
single person reincarnated as two or
more individuals.
In other words, the psyche split
>> in what Tibetans call the Bardau state
and the transition between death and
rebirth.
>> What was a singular person splits and is
reincarnated as more than one
individual.
>> Whoa. One case of this that's very
prominent is Terry and Linda Jameson. Uh
they are these identical twins who are
also psychics, but they report having
been the same person before they were
separated at Earth, as they call it.
Um and then you find possession cases
where it looks like several individuals
or more are reincarnating in a single
physical body.
>> Okay. where um there have been Steven
Browy, the former chair philosophy
department, University of Maryland,
Baltimore, who then went on to become
one of the presidents of the
parasychological association and the he
was also the chief editor for the
journal of scientific exploration for a
while for the SSE. Mhm.
>> Um Steve Browy touched on these in his
first book, First Person Plural, which
included a chapter about how uh there
were cases of multiple personality
disorder or what they call identity
dissociative disorder these days,
which are misdiagnosed cases
of basically multiple people incarnating
in a single person or multiple people
possessing a single person. some of them
from birth
>> and then some of them coming in after
birth.
>> Stevenson also has cases that
problematize the distinction between
reincarnation and possession where let's
say there'll be a child who will be
deathly ill when he's 6 years old and
then when he comes back you know to
physical health it's a completely
different person with different
memories. It's like the original kid
left did die left the body and somebody
else came in and took over the body.
Right now more than one person can come
in. Right? So here here's the thing is
that what that suggests about the
structure of personality
epistemologically speaking is that
we are not necessarily the unique
indivisible self-identical
individuals that we take ourselves to
be. The psyche may have a
an internally differentiated structure
and it may be a conglomerate
of different sub personalities that find
a modus vivendi with one another and
sometimes they hold together crossing
from one lifetime to the next and in
other cases they break apart.
>> Yeah. And there probably is some way to
systematically break that apart
compartmentalize.
>> That's where I was going with that is MK
Ultra. It's not all that surprising if
that's the way the psyche is structured.
Anyway, uh you know, then it becomes
more easily understandable how it could
be weaponized. Well, it is interesting
MK Ultra um you know all the
parasychology research all the kind of
electrogravitic propulsion stuff you're
getting or even quantum communications
which how put is working on via these
you know uh vector and scalar potentials
or whatever the subquantum field you're
getting into modalities that if you were
to dominate the human race you would be
able to employ all of these things at
will and so if you look at like the last
70 years of scientific research or
something. Yeah, it's kind of scary.
It's like we are verging. Maybe maybe
it's the fallen angel thing, you know,
where where we're we're we're
rebelliously sort of acquiring these
skills. Um or it's, you know, we're
Yeah, I don't know. Maybe we're it's,
you know, you you hear these like UFO,
you know, whistleblower people. It's
like Lou Alzando will be like, "We found
the key and we're inside this cage and
the gorilla sees that we have the key."
So, like it's this, you know, dark
forest analogy, you know, spin-off thing
that he's trying to say. And it's it's
either that or it's like we're we're
being inducted into some friendly thing.
I don't know. But it is it is
interesting. We're accelerating towards
this new paradigm.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And you know, the gorilla, you
mentioned the gorilla.
>> Mhm.
>> Uh you know that whole test they do when
they walk somebody in a gorilla suit
through a group of people doing
something and the majority of people who
watch the film don't notice the guy in
the gorilla suit.
>> Yes. And then when they were testing
experimental aircraft, apparently uh
they would give guerilla masks to these
people flying prototypes of the SR71 and
the what do you call the other the other
one that that went down over Russia, the
>> U2 spy
>> the U2. They give these gorilla masks
and they say to them, if you ever get
too close to a civilian airliner where
the pilot can make eye contact with you,
put on the gorilla mask before that.
>> Yeah. So that when they come back with a
story about this weird looking aircraft,
they'll report it was a gorilla flying
it and no one will believe the story.
>> Yeah.
Annie Jacobson's Area 51 and that that
book and I think we got we need to do
like five more of these but um Annie
Jacobson's Area 51 starts with it tells
that story and it starts with the story
of Bob Lazar and I often wonder if the
kind of true kind of hermeneutic reading
of UFO disclosure is that there is some
sort of co-sponsored you know program
between the Nordics I don't know what
they are and us and they exist at these
sites like Area 51 because you you have
these stories.
First of all, Area 51 was a Nevada test
site before it became Area 51. Richard
Bissell set it up as Area 51 to test uh
the U2 spy plane in 1955, but you had
already had hundreds of atom, it was the
site of the most atomic blasts in the
United States. And UFOs constantly show
up around, you know, nuclear weapons and
and energy installations. And so you'd
think that if you have that many atomic
blasts, you'd probably have created some
sort of like portal or something. You
even have this misty echo patch around a
test from 1988. And it looks like
there's a portal underground. And that
would explain the Dan Barish story of S4
Area 51. Would explain some of the Bob
Lazar stuff. And it would explain this
weird disconnect of like, do we really
have craft that can fly like that? And
it's being employed by us. Well, maybe
it's kind of, you know, being co-run by
us and them. And that's this sort of
electromagnetic wormhole portal pit stop
for them or something. I don't know.
>> So, two things about that. Two things
about that. First of all, something
really creepy about UFOs and nukes.
>> Mhm.
>> Of course, I devote, you know, good
amount to this. uh toward the beginning
of Closer Encounters um that excellent
book Hastings book Hastings UFOs and I
cited you know uh if not anything else
Closer Encounters is a good encyclopedic
like
>> index of references for the whole uh UFO
research field and Hastings is one of
the people who I site extensively in
there. So, but here's something about
UFOs and nukes that's really creepy.
I have a Substack piece on this. It's
called nuking the matrix on my Substack.
>> The first person to ever propose that we
could be living inside a computer
simulation was a Nazi computer scientist
by the name of Conrad Zusa.
>> Mhm.
>> Conrad Zusa was the Alan Turing of the
Nazis.
>> He developed the first modern digital
computers before Turing did. So people
often give credit touring, but this guy
was slightly ahead of Turing.
>> And Turing was playing catch-up with
this guy. And this guy Conrad Zusa
wasn't just involved in mechanical
engineering of computers. He was
extremely theoretical in his you know
contemplation of what computation is.
And it occurred to him for the first
time that
what if the weirdness in quantum
mechanics
is uh indicating the fact that we're
living inside of what he called a
calculating space. Rehender Ram, a
calculating space. And he said the
anomalies in our physics at the
fundamental level are indicative of the
fact that we're inside a computational
system.
And he theorized this whole thing uh
during World War II. Um
and here here's the really creepy thing.
He theorized that it would be possible
to test this in extremely high entropy
events
such as for example the detonation of a
nuclear bomb.
>> Yes,
>> that a nuclear bomb detonation is such a
high entropy event that if you were
observing the world on a quantum level
during such an explosion, you would be
able to detect basically the mesh of the
matrix. I agree that the only two ways
out of the matrix are through
consciousness and high energy physics.
And if you even look at quantum
indeterminacy, you have quantum
indeterminacy between position and
momentum, but you also have it between
level of energy and time. So if you get
extremely high energy output, you get
time indeterminacy. And it explains
weird portals at CERN quote unquote
stories around that. It explains high
voltage experimentation of Tesla, Thomas
Towns, and Brown. Both of them saying
really weird things happen at high
voltages across short distances. Tesla
saying he saw the past, present, and
future all in one and spoke to aliens,
you know, and then you have nuclear
blasts which seem to you again you get
this sort of these weird time effects
and you see UFOs and this is a bunch of
Q-clared guys who have literally no
business lying about what they're seeing
across
all sorts of disperate sites across the
United States. You have 167 Q cleared
employees saying that they see stuff in
in Bob Hastings book. And why is the
only consistent thing that all of the
Nordics have ever said
that we need to disarm of our, you know,
we need to disarm and and relinquish our
nuclear weapons, right? The these
Nordics, they they tell all kinds of
different stories to different people.
The one through line is we need to uh
relinquish our nuclear weapons.
>> That's how you get out of the matrix. Ah
yeah see see people think they have
these naive notions that oh they're
worried about the ecology of the planet
and they want to stop us from destroying
ourselves
>> folks you know there's evidence of
nuclear exchanges in vast antiquity I
mean there's you know there's
vitrification at various ancient sites
where there's also anomalous engineering
and as we discussed earlier Brandenburg
saw evidence of nuclear war on Mars so
it's not like these entities are you
know necessarily averse to the use of
nuclear weapons on moral grounds I think
what's going on here is that it's a way
that would reveal that we're inside the
matrix and they don't want to maybe they
know that and it's very badly warped
their psychology having found that out
and their response to it was to create
this control system which at least gives
them a sense of a degree of power right
it's like it's a very understandable
human psychological response actually so
you realize that oh [__] I'm in I don't
have control over my life I'm somebody
else's play thing well I'm going to
create something that I do have control
of
>> well it's the it's the whole threebody
problem where they are they're looking
at the tip of the spear of human
ingenuity generically speaking. But yes,
high volt high energy experimentation
would be kind of this Archimedes lever
that you would you would sort of look
at.
>> I have this case in closer encounters um
of a certain Sir Horsley. Sir Horsley
was a British wing commander who became
the closest aid and personal atache of
Queen Elizabeth I. And um at that time
when he was you know the personal aid of
Queen Elizabeth as a military officer he
was approached by these Nordics who
basically uh invited him to a fireside
chat Miss Markham and Mr. Janice and
they said listen we want you to come
aboard come aboard we want you to come
aboard with our plans and our project
and we want you to help us disarm the
world of nuclear weapons beginning with
your country United Kingdom. This was in
the 1950s when the British were first
developing nuclear weapons. And um he
says that this Miss Markham like was a
completely expressionless person. He
said she looked like Lady Dracula and
she was like this completely
expressionless like icy white person.
And the only time she ever showed any
emotion was when he came back at them
with, "Well, wait a minute. If we disarm
and the Soviets disarm, then if it turns
out that you folks are up to no good,
we're rendered entirely defense
defenseless in the face of you.
>> Our nuclear weapons are our only defense
against you. And at that point, he says
she she like had a wicked smile on her
face looking at him.
>> Like, well done, boy.
>> Whoa.
>> You know, you know, you've figured us
out. And anyway, he went and reported
this back to the authorities. They
investigated these people. And it turned
out their flats were empty by the time
the authorities got there.
>> Wow.
>> Okay, now here's the really the most
creepy thing about the story. The same
Sir Horsley 20 years later wound up
controlling the British nuclear arsenal.
I think they knew that this guy was
going to wind up in one of the most
strategic positions regarding the
British nuclear program and they
deliberately engaged him having had
fornowledge of the the you know further
trae likely trajectory of his life.
>> So crazy. Well, Jason Resa Georgiani
this was a blast. I we could honestly go
for another six hours or something.
>> Maybe we will in LA next time next time
you're back in Los Angeles.
>> Yeah, I would love that. I would love
that. And um so the new book you're
writing, what's the name of it? Just
>> the one on the afterlife is going to be
called Thenosis.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Thenosis. That's coming out.
>> And the book on UFOs is Closer
Encounters.
>> Closer encounters. Substack. Jason Resa
Georgiani and um Prometheus and Atlas,
of course. Thank you, man.
>> Thank you. It's been an absolute
pleasure.
>> It was awesome.